DnD5e with FoC

________________


One Shot 
2023-10-18
Continuation from Snack Pack’s earlier One Shot


“Animal Farm”
DM - Sofia
Sonja - Dumo - Paladin
Zaz - Idecca - Sorcerer
Ras - Juneberry - Rogue
Strakul - Soren - Fighter


Executed some kobolds
Group worshiping some dragon/wyvern- Ukta
Some failed diplomacy
Traveling towards ruins with “lesser baddies”


Town of Lindow- Soren (me)
Expand the adventurous guild
Was informed to meet up with others, but clerical mistake
Maggie North, tiefling woman - contact
Advanced agent since last time building a guild didn’t work


The group was supposed to be 4, but she sent only 3
The lesser baddies are not so lesser- some draconic cult
The rest of the group is ~1 day ahead in some ruins
Soren arrives as they are entering the ruins and descends right in the middle of the group


There are some kobolds in the camp
We beat em up, deceive the last few convincing them the boss wants to talk to them, and rescue 3 ladies
One of the kobolds mentioned a Mithra- possible name of the boss
The ladies were to be sacrifices to a wyrm


2023-11-16
Prior session had lots of fighting
Idecca has vanished, probably wild magic issues
Soren returns from escorting the prisoners
In town, Maggie let me know Idecca arrived 7000 miles away. Guild sent a replacement:
Nick - Gnash - Barbarian


We meet Zarali (Greed), a tiefling that was trying to steal from the ruins
Ruktar, evil dwarven god. The betrayer who split from his brother.
We sneak into the chapel and see some dragon cultists doing some ceremony


Gnash gets commanded to go in, tries to play it off as being alone as Juneberry sneaks in.
The 3 kobolds we had deceived way back are also there.
Fight time!
Mythra is calling a slumbering wyvern, 10 turns to finish
Soren and Duma go down. Greed joins the fight to help out.
Mythra goes into a pseudo-dragon form
Juneberry kills Mythra


We are victorious and grab a Dragon’s Blood Staff.
We spot a green wyvern at the back with a treasure horde.


We exit to go back to Lindow, the town.


As we head out, we see a green dragon descend and kill the green wyvern.
We get 200 gold as a reward, to be split 5 ways.
We level up to 4!


Respecced my character to a Bladesinger Wizard
________________




Chapter 1
2023-11-30


Shift click: advantage
Ctrl click: disadvantage
C: character sheet
F: flip character portrait


Tesselia, capital city of kingdom Andor in region of Northern Andor
Waterway called The Divide- straight line from the western sea 
Disagreements about what caused divide (punishment from gods), too many high level spells


We are south of our One Shot. About a year and a half since then.


Tesselia is a thriving trade hub. Sometimes considered a city-state, sometimes capital.
Some civil wars are present almost always. Tesselia has never fallen, though


Winter is approaching


We’re in the local guild hall at Tesselia
Maggie North wanders over with some quest offers
One is political and immediately Juneberry and Gnash are not interested


The reigning queen is 5, her father (regent) is not fond of the adventurer’s guild
Regent is a bastard, abusing his position. He may not want to be a regent until his daughter’s grow.
Queen Tessa. 
Job comes from the regent- follow someone across the city. Find something shady


One of the other quests takes out of town and go to South Andor
Contact Miguel
A sizable sum to see it solved in the marshes
Seems to be related to ghosts and undead
Fordoni Everglades


Third quest: guard station in lower income part of town
Requesting looking into a thief situation
Might be 2-3 people


We agree to the two quests in town
We get 175g in advance. 500g if we return with viable information on the target.
Guard job is 100g


The M (Magisters Magical Managerie) has new stock
We’ll divide equally: 40 for each, group has 15


We head to the markets
The items are protected against stealing. A construct appears if touched.
We buy a few random items. Soren and Juneberry upgrade to studded leather. Others buy health potions.


The M is open to commissions, price subject to various things (providing material, type of item)


We head to the guard tower in the lower city to figure out the bandit situation
Seems to be a few bandits in black that have been robbing the poor


We encounter the bandits and they attack us
We take out a leader, but some of the bandits run away saying they don’t get paid enough. Maybe they are organized?
Guards show up to give chase and take notes. They tell us to go back to the guard station.


We recover some poison vials, another health potion, some volatile liquid- a combustion grenade.
When we return to the guard station- the captain is gone. The area looks messed up. 
A torn up note is missing specifically the names.
We head back to Maggie to relay the information.


2023-12-07


Gnash broke off to get more information


Regent Contract:
Analia (Angela?) Nevermore - to be followed and see if they do anything illegal
She frequents the middle tier of city life


Soren goes up to Maggie
Maggie hands us some papers, one with city seal, another hastily written
The city seal says we attacked the guards, the other is the truth
Seems like someone is trying to take advantage of our being there
Maggie pays us half- 50g for now


We head out to check the middle tier
We note a noble-looking woman- blue dress, umbrella
We see her go into a building, connected to another via skybridge. It’s a stone building.
She knocks and is let in. A guard comes out.
Soren asks and is told it’s a guard station.
Juneberry listens at the door.
It seems the woman is wanting the guard to do something. Something against the regent.
Nevermore goes out “Madeliene, is Tomas available.” And enters another building.
Old Tommy’s Smithy
Juneberry goes in and sees them talking
Nevermore appears to want to get some surplus equipment, enough for an army
Tommy - Will take weeks for smithing, months for logistics
Nevermore sets down a pouch of coins. Tommy is astonished; promises to see what he can do.
It’s a third of what she promises, more to come.
Juneberry asks to sharpen their blades, gives 4 silver to include some tip. Juneberry was unable to understand what Tommy was writing down. Sammy sharpens the blades.
Soren suggests stealing the notebook Tommy wrote down
Dumo tries to overhear what Nevermore is saying to someone. “Tell them Nevermore… Wheels are in motion”. She gets a basket with apples. “Message… where it’s going”


It’s a tense moment as Soren tries to run distraction (and fails) while Juneberry successfully steals the book. Soren looks like a moron, but at least we have the book with the notes.


Nevermore approaches us and asks why we are following. Soren tells her he wants to know what she’s up to. She casts Disguise Self and leads us away.
She is planning a coup d'etat, she wants to govern. Says she doesn’t want to hurt the daughter queen- just rule until he can get her to abdicate.
She wants us to report that she wasn’t doing anything illegal.
Tesselia is 7, likely the regent will kill her before the 16th birthday (coronation)


We head back to the guild hall.
Examining the book- enough to arm a militia in the style of the city guard
75 platinum paid, doubled when smithing begins, tripled when complete
Soren reads and recognizes a name: supplier in “Nagor”
Dwarven settlement in Ridge Mountains, used to be called Nagor, but is called Hollow Mountain now. Nagor was the name before the civil war.
Nagor used to produce a particular metal alloy- dwarf steel. The payment is high since it’s requested to be dwarf steel (city guard equipment is more ordinary iron). It's a rare alloy, but some people still know how to make it. Adamant comes from meteors, Mithril is only from the eastern continent and monopolized by elves.


Soren, Juneberry, Dumo discuss politics and plans.
Gnash shows up all beat up and we drag him to bed via Floating Disk.


2023-12-14


First Frost - location where bandits were gathering. This is in the inner/rich district.
We head to the First Frost area in the inner ring.
Gnash stays at the back door, the rest of the team go through the front
They look roguish, brutish
We sit at a table and order some ale. Juneberry gets poisoned from the drink.
Dumo and Soren notice the barkeep going to a door and then vanish in a cellar. Most of the folks appear to have congregated.
One of the folks walks over and wants to know what we’re doing.
He gestures to a pin- two angel wings wrapping around a humanoid figure.
Soren arcana: iconography like that is associated with seraphim; aasimar that want to gain angel status
Dumo history: house sigil of first royal family of Tesselia; the family has died out; 3rd Alduran civil war was when the last one died, not clear how they died, 200 years ago
Juneberry and the other fellow talk in Thieves Cant. Juneberry says they’re here to join.
The leader comes out and seems to clock that we are there for them- it’s combat time.


We decide to head to the cellar. There appear to be some illusory walls.
One leads to a hallway with a door. The other has people and some chests.
We fight some baddies and open a chest (it was trapped magically but Soren and Juneberry disarm it). There are 3 potions we divvy up and a scroll of magic missile.


We open another room with a trap and some magical items. They need to be identified.
It included a hand crossbow, a dagger, a halberd, a long bow, a pouch with gems including a large diamond, and a mystery belt.


We head south and see a bunch of jail cells. There are a few prisoners, their tongues were cut off.
One writes out that this was their punishment for getting “mouthy”
They don’t want to leave- they are too many still around.
Gnash leaves some food for them.
We walk into another fight and win it.


2023-12-21


No meeting on the 28th.


Gnash sees someone setting up some invisible trap on a pressure place
Gnash steps through another invisible wall and takes fire damage


We continue exploring and find a small room with several people:
Lander, court wizard
Lord Ashton Whitemore, the acting regent
Regent is in fancy armor


Another person - knight armor; Theodore
The person runs an information network
Gnash brings up the cut tongues of the prisoners, regent shrugs it off as necessary
Regent reprimands Theodore for attacking Gnash earlier


Regent asks us about Lady Nevermore
We don’t commit to anything and he vanishes with the wizard, Theodore is left behind


Theodore asks for a mercy killing. He has a rune that prevents him from revealing information. As he dies he reveals the regent does indeed plan to kill the queen
________________


One of the prisoners was behind and joined us for the adventurers guild
Zelda- bar keep at adventurers guild
The prisoner will join as a cook helper until he can be healed


A mini chest was left behind for us by the city guard
3 vials, a pouch of coin
A note for Gnash from Regent
Potions are 3 greater healing potions
1500 gold pieces
Gnash’s chest from the dungeon was also 1500gp
Each of us takes 750gp


Pouch of gems: 200, diamond is worth 300gp
We sell the regular gems but hold on to the diamond- it’s needed for some spells (revivify)


Soren spends time and 50gp to learn magic missile
We identify various nifty magic items; the belt is dwarven and Gnash takes it (+2 CON)


We level up to 5!
Soren learns Haste and Invisibility
2024-01-04


“As things progress as they are, the Regent will kill that girl by her next birthday”
Jan 31st is her birthday; it’s mid-November
The team discusses a plan


We get a letter from Nevermore offering to meet with her.
We go to meet her.
Zarali - the rogue we met in the kobold encounter
She’s been recruited by Nevermore, a bit of a body guard and threat detector.


The Raven’s Den - Nevermore’s parlor
An old gambling den


Two options- loud or calming the Regent to allow for a quieter scenario


She pulls out a sketch of the Regent before an altar- a beast with wings
It looks like a dragon; a proto-drake or a wyvern


Regent is a follower of Bahamut- the platinum dragon
He may be using that affiliation for more nefarious means
Metallic dragons- good, Chromatic dragons- bad (Tiamat)


The shrine does not look like Bahamut’s temple in the city
May be towards the south, across the Divide
Regent has been purchasing crystallized amethyst
Southern Andor- cults, if encased in crystallized, bathed in dragon fire, can become dragon-creature
Could he be trying to transform the queen?


The Divide
Religious - sinners on the other side
Arcane - two spellcasters, too many 9th level spells
No one agrees on the real cause
North- temperate, pastoral
South- Florida


Disrupting the supply of amethyst, or the stockpile is out of the question.
Perhaps investigating Hollow Mountain and the supply of metal for her smiths?
Could it be getting active again? Letters sent have not received responses.
Would take ~4-5 days to get there.
This would help Nevermore arm her militia faster.


While out, Nevermore could dig up information on extracting the queen.
We all take 100 gold (Juneberry takes an extra 100, because thief)


She gives us a scroll and oval stone- a sending stone
Stone is 1 use per day, only on the surface. The scroll is more powerful.
We need to ask the blacksmith for a contact.


Gnash and Dumo go to Thomas the smith to get contact: James
He doesn’t like to be called James, though- not his real dwarven name
Short fellow with dark hair, red tassel on center of beard weave
Thomas’s daughter asks about a suspicious rabbit and a bird, they stole the ledger (which is what Juneberry stole with Soren’s help)


We buy a few rings of protection (Juneberry gets poison resistance)
Juneberry also buys a bag of holding
And we buy a horse and cart (Soren pays for it- 65 g)
Counterspell scroll is worth 200g, Soren buys it


We set off for the Hollow Mountain
________________




2024-01-11


  

We venture to Northern Andore
Elves of Forest of Bone are not friendly. Everything that is not a plant is food for them.
Gnash buys some navigator's tools (map, compass, etc)
It’s a journey of 4-5 days north to the mountain


It’s foggy the first day
We get to Wheat Burrow
Soren buys a lute and plays to recover silver (6sp). Juneberry pays for a night at the inn (25sp)
We get shaken down by some direwolves, but decide to fight them.
Gnash spares the big direwolf, he wants it to join us but we fail to convince it.


We head to Lumber Camp after getting some wolf pelts and meat
We enter the Evergrand Forest
We reach a tower and sleep near it. 
Juneberry notices an owlbear in the night but leaves it alone.
Soren spots a redcap stealing something and attacks it; we fight them.


We arrive at the foothills of Hollow Mountain
________________




2024-01-25


We are joined by a new person- Koi playing Soten (Radiant Soul Monk)


We reach the encampment at Hollow Mountain and are let in
Seems like a hastily constructed setup, not a stronghold
There was some kind of accident, some people 


Juneberry blurts out “Another rodent!” (Soten is a Raccling, like a red panda)
We introduce ourselves
Gruff, an elderly dwarf, walks up to Soten
He wants us to go investigate the missing dwarves
Soten doesn’t trust us


Bandit raids have been happening, have blocked shipment, and captured people.
Gnash stays behind as part of a deal to keep the other folk protected


Not clear of the cause of the accident.
Dwarvish woman- Loralai, Captain of the Guard. She was captured by the bandits.
She has a shield with a special sigil- striking a boulder.


We head out to track down a path.
It’s mid autumn
We are ambushed by some bugbears


Juneberry pockets 8 gold and a talisman with an emblem of some bandit gang.
Soten recognizes it’s the same symbol as the ones that raided the encampment.
We find tracks to the south. 
We discuss options: we could pretend to be part of them and bring Soten as captive, or cast invisibility on them


It’s nighttime, but we’ve arrived at the bandit camp. Soren makes Soten invisible.
June leads the way, we encounter some undead.
A woman is with them, tells “Gerald” to go over to her undead brother.
She is elven, graceful but janky as well- like a marionette.
June convinces her we’re here to join them. 
“Richard” the ghoul goes off to notify the other bandits.


A joyous looking dragonborn comes up with the undead.
Marigold- the elven woman, necromancer
June manages to convince the dragonborn we really are here as muscle.


As we head to camp, we notice a dwarven woman in a cage with a shield.
Soten recognizes her as Loralai, the dwarf.


There are some wagons that kobolds are tying up. There may be people inside…
Dragonborn describes this as collateral- they are the captured dwarfs!


Soren gets charmed, June puts a knife at the dragonborns throat.
He knows Soten is invisible and asks for it to be revealed in exchange for dropping charm.
Soren drops concentration revealing Soten, dragonborn drops charmed.


We’re in initiative, trying to avoid a big fight. It’s not going well- Soren attacks.
Dumo tries to cast Spike Growth but is counterspelled by the necromancer elf.


We end the session mid-fight


2024-02-01


Fight resumes. Gnash is at the edge of the camp, raging his way in.
We start going pretty well with Rime’s binding ice, Lightning storm (Dumo). But then the necromancer casts a Circle of Death. Soren is unable to counterspell it (it’s 6th level!).


Soren goes down, the two prisoners die. That spell hurt!


We rescue Loralai and have a short rest, then head back to the encampment, arriving near dawn.


Gruff tells about the mine: it was no natural earthquake that collapsed it. There is a small chamber to serve as a gathering spot. There is an underground pool as well.
This area of the mine is relatively new, the old shafts are ancient.


Old songs talk about a king under the mountain
“The Great Rumbling”
Religious folk said it was a reckoning
Probably some kind of creature that was awakened


There should be a population of miners trapped- find them; if captured, get them un-captured.
Deal with whatever happened.


We head in and find the staging area we can use to rest. Gnash finds a crude map.
Soten spots a merfolk, which sounds weird. They’re aquatic and were in a very deep pool. Too deep for us to follow.


Gnash finds out that things have been rifled through; he also hears skittering.
There is a giant spider and many others in the ceiling. There are many web strands across the room.
Soten clears up a bit of it with Burning Hands, but Soren gets caught in a web. The giant spider starts getting closer to eat him and we start combat. 


Cliffhanger ending!


2024-02-08


We start attacking, June frees Soren and he casts sleep which affects all the spiders. We clean them up.
We go down a floor.


Soren investigates an old trap while Soten disappears into the wall and gets attacked by goblins. Tricky situation without enough light, but we took care of them, too.


We reach a room and Soren steps through another fake wall, but it becomes a real wall afterwards!
There are baddies surrounding a woman. They speak goblin and one of them comes closer, but Soren doesn’t understand. They gesture towards the woman, while Gnash breaks down the wall. It appears to be a sacrifice; she may already be dead. They want to appease the mountain.
Gnash speaks to them in Undercommon.
Upper clan doesn’t know the cause of the mountain rumbling, but Lower clan might.
Lower clan is at war with water folk. Water folk control much territory.


“Skin stealer die, make mountain happy.”


We go back to the corridors, they are very narrow. Soren has a panic attack due to the claustrophobic conditions. He sees the cages, not the friends. He falls prone and is frightened.
Gnash and Soten help Soren get up and keep going- you’re with friends, you’re a free bird.


We reach a palisade and another goblin, they speak common and are well dressed
Uk, Zog, and Crog - the ones doing the religious ceremony


We get invited to their fire
Mott - second in command
Nathaniel - first in command, the one who speaks common


They refer to the dwarfs as the invaders. The dwarfs were digging up some old fortress.
Old spiritualists believe the rumblings is due to a “primordial”
Nathaniel uses “sneak magic” to clear a fake wall and leads us to a staircase.
He warns the lower tribe has bigger goblins. The lower ones fled due to the “great militia”- could be the wrong word.


Soren asks about the “skin stealer”- the 3 of them thought the merfolk are invading and stealing skins to hide themselves. Not proven, just a crazy thought they have.


We go down and reach a floor with vaulted ceilings.
There is an underground water with some lights


Gnash speaks to them in Undercommon. A female hobgoblin speaks Common and approaches us. She thinks the merfolk are breaking pieces to anger the mountain.
Not a primordial, just “angry lava”
The great militia failed to cross the water. The great militia is the unification of the lower clans.


We can attempt to find the Castle in the Deep. The Great Sea appears to go on forever.
The dwarfs fell in the ocean. The goblins rescued some but then were attacked- they captured the remaining and are holding them for trial.


If they are guilty, they will be slashed for the bodies they took. We are taken to talk to their captives. 4 dwarfs, 2 humans. Lots of guards and other great militia members.


20-27 mining party, motherlode was found, ground wasn’t stable
Mermaids are in the water


Trial is next “cave light”- 3 or 4 days from now.
Some geologic event causes something like sunlight.
Maybe we can solve the mermaid problem in time, perhaps lessen their punishment?
Malec - the female hobgoblin


We’re led to some boats. We’ll probably need to borrow 3.
Soren asks about fishing, there are some fish and larger creatures.


2024-02-15


Dungeon Draft - application for making maps


Water is brackish; may be clearer farther out.
Soren asks about breathing underwater.
Dumo could help us breathe, but it takes a long rest to prepare for this.


3 boats- Gnash, Soren + Soten, June + Dumo
We spot a few merfolk, one dives underwater
Dumo grants us water breathing


Soren casts message and gets back: “The priestess waits below”
We go for a swim down about 60 feet
We start seeing buildings very far away


We spot a shark and some crab people, fight or flight?
We start swimming down to run away
The baddies catch up and start hurting us bad.


We fled the battle by diving to 100 ft, Gnash can swim fast and had grappled the shark. Dumo turned into a shark and Soren used Gust of Wind to propel himself and June down. Dumo gave Soren and June a shark ride down. Soten could dash down without issue.


We reach the village and communicate via message.
The priestess can heal us after the sermon.
There is a deep, reverberating chanting.
A force connects to our mind- the noise becomes words, a song.


“The beasts of the land have taken much from us. [...]
The tides forgive. The tides remember, but they do not hold grudges. [...]”
Sounds like the priestess is asking for peace, but a queen is present and saying the opposite.


Pirate gang- the crab people we fought


Priestess casts mass cure wounds and heals most of our injuries.
The Queen used to be reasonable, but ever since the great quake she has become restless and more aggressive.


The “pale skins” attacked- likely the goblins


The Queen is mustering an army- may be ready by cave light
They are confused about the quakes as well.


We take a short rest and prepare to visit the queen; the priestess had a summon so she’ll take us there.


2024-02-22


Tide Preacher Nevanda
Her Elegance Queen Elnsasha


We’re led to a castle to meet the queen
It’s a forward fortification, not much maintained except to keep it standing


We are shown to the queen; there are many guards
Elnsasha and Nevanda are sisters!


We talk about the nature of the quakes, the queen is convinced the pale ones (goblins) are the cause
The quake originated from beneath this Way Castle
Gnash wants to see the epicenter


We are led to the Undergarden
A proper earthquake would have destroyed the Way Castle


The ground starts to rumble- a large earth elemental shows up!
Nevanda is organizing an evacuation while we keep the elemental occupied.
Two more elementals show up to the fight.


We finish the fight and head back out- there is a bloodbath out there.
More elementals were outside and hurt some of the merfolk.


Retreat to Tide Chapel
Gnash takes a piece of an elemental for showing it to the goblins


Queen hands us a metal badge- star with water droplet
It’s a sign of her protection against the crustacean pirates


We head back to the encampment
We feel it’s a couple of miles to the Way Castle, but not exactly sure


We show the elemental head to Malec and convince her it's the source of the quakes
The let the dwarven prisoners free


There is a massive earthquake
A massive elemental comes out of the water in the distance
It then lights on fire as lava pours out


Dumo’s nature check:
It’s a combination of a fire+earth elemental- a magma elemental
Never been seen outside the elemental planes
Once in a multi-generational situation
Titanic sized creature


History: this is “The Mountain”


The goblins appear to be going to do a ritual, they don’t want us here for that
We use the sending scroll to let the merfolk (Nevada) know. They are fleeing, their citadel was destroyed. They’re hoping they won't be attacked when they reach the shore.


We help the dwarves up.
The upper tribe of goblins are around a drained magma chamber, they are throwing everything they have at it.


We reach the encampment and flee the area. We send a message to Nevermore, just in case, but they are unlikely to be affected.
We have the ore and the horse. We start making our way back.


We level up to 6!


2024-03-07


Skipped session, but there is a video: 
2024-03-14


Fancy new art from Moochi! New inn design!
Soren was away scouting the castle and noticed fresh magic- wards, alarms, anti-scrying, they were applied sometime while we were underground out on the mission.


We recap some of the political situation for Soten.


Goblin tribes have started raiding after the Mountain
“Sheep Boom” is the leader
Terrorizing a trade route, attacking merchants
Sheep Boom has some strange magic


We stop by the shop to buy a few potions.
June is really interested in the Dagger of Returning, makes a deal to use a pair of gauntlets for a test try and get a discount.


We head to the trade route and run into the old necromancer lady we fought. Soren tries to cast Hold Person, so we’re fighting.
She did mention she could take us to Sheep Boom, but not in the way we would want.


It’s a tough fight, Soren is able to counter a Dimension Door, but can’t stop the Circle of Death. We do knock her unconscious.


June fails some charisma save due to her gauntlets, she rushes to kill the necromancer. Soren casts Hold Person to stop her.
Soren gives a healing potion to get the necromancer up.


Magnolia - her name
Sheep Boom is hiding in caves near the path. 
New caves that formed after the Mountain?
A lot of goblin defenses and strange magic- not arcane or divine
Could it be primal magic?


She escaped via a Dimension Door- it’s only verbal so even restrained she escaped!
She still has something she’s planning.


2024-03-21


We go to the encampment where we think Sheep Boom is and see a few kobolds.
Soren gives 10 gold as tribute to get an audience.
Dumo turns to a squirrel to hide a bit.


We get an audience with Sheep Boom. He wants the rest of our tribute.
We tell him Magnolia has our tribute, it’s some low roll deception.
He fires some Boom Sha spell to burn a tree. Looks like he has a mechanical device for the “magic”


Can’t quite convince him to listen to us in private about the tribute.
Gnash tries to challenge for leadership, but we’re unsuccessful and go into combat.


We win despite really bad rolls.
Gnash slices off Sheep Boom’s hand with the strange device.
Soren recovers the 10 gold.


We head back into town; June gets an urgent sending from Nevermore to meet in the high-end district.


We meet Nevermore, she says a carriage with the Queen is coming by in 3 minutes. We’re to protect it at all costs- it’s going to Nevermore’s safehouse.
Soren and Nevermore goes invisible. Soten scales up to the roof.


The carriage arrives, Soten spots a dragon which swoops down to grab the carriage.
We try to hold on, but it’s very fast and the wings produce a lot of wind.


The dragon flies to the castle. It is the point of no return- the final dungeon and boss fight is upon us.


Next week is Finale Part 1.


2024-03-28


The dragon can be seen perching in the castle. There is panic in the streets. Nevermore leads us to the castle via a side entrance.


Some of the guards are fleeing the scene, we need to get to the throne room.
 
Some animated armors start activating as we make our way through.
We hear a drone throughout the castle.


There is a super reinforced door we can’t open and a library.


Magnolia the necromancer is in the courtyard! 
Magnolia has a bunch of weird tech embedded in her body. 
She smashes her staff on the ground and a robot emerges from the ground.


We defeat her, but she uses her Circle of Death to hurt us.
One of the robot horrors explodes at the end of combat.


We examine Magnolia’s body.
The tubes extend from her left arm socket, into her stomach on the left side. Looks like she came out of surgery. She is swollen in parts of her body.


Staff has a canister with some goo. There is a strange symbol, Soten recognizes it from some buildings in the mountains. It’s a big circle filled in, yellow, with a smaller black circle in the center and 3 black wedges. (radiation symbol)


4 respite points
* Can spend on hit dice, 1/spell level
We take a short rest.
Soren is at 2/2/2 in spell slots with 42/48 HP, which is pretty decent.


We recover a keycard from her. It says “throne room antichamber”.
We go through the door, there are lots of dead bodies and powered-down armors.


2024-04-04


Soren makes Juneberry invisible prior to entering the throne room.


Tesselia is in some device with crackling electricity. Ashton is by it.
Nevermore appears and warns us to not take Tesselia out of the device. She says Ashton must die.
The dragon is outside the window.
June is positioning for a first strike. Nevermore has been to the “tomb”, according to Ashton.
Ashton: “Sofia begin the process” “She’s becoming mortal”


June fails to stab the regent; a dragon crashes through the window.
Nevermore becomes cloaked in a translucent energy. She vanishes in a bolt of energy and the dragon gets pushed out the window.
Regent’s weapon is also covered in the blue translucent electric energy.
We’re confused but we’re in combat now!


The cage that is holding Tesselia is mechanical- not magical. She is not in pain, but wants to leave. We don’t recognize any symbols or letters on the screens.


June successfully poisons him and that helps a ton.


Ashton uses Apostate of Hate once his temp HP drops, giving him a stronger sword at the cost of his shield AC.


At half health he gains A Father’s Fury, clearing his poison and gaining dual blades.
He uses a legendary action to bring down Soren and continues attacking Gnash.


Soren kills Ashton with a bunch of magic missiles.
Unfortunately, Gnash dies.


Nevermore returns after having driven off the dragon.
She starts using the controls to Tesselia’s cage.
She frees Tesselia.
Tesselia- “Both of my parents are dead”
Nevermore made a promise to Tesselia’s mom?


On the Regent’s body: 
* Tyrant’s Blade
* Wand of paralysis
* Suit of Plate +1
* Keycard
* Greater Healing Potion
* 2 Healing Potion
* Shield part of Tyrant’s Blade


We divide up Gnash’s belongings. Soren takes the belt of dwarvenkind.
We level up to 7!


End of Chapter 1


Downtime: Bought Comprehend Languages and Find Familiar (lvl 1 scrolls) and learned them
That is 310g total to subtract at session start (100g/scroll, 50g/learning, 10g/familiar casting)


Chapter 2
2024-04-11


2 weeks later


Gnash’s Halberd is on a mantle in the Adventurer’s Guild
5000 gold, split 1666g evenly in 3
Soren now has 1606g, after spell costs


We throw a retirement party for Dumo
He’s envoy to the elves of the Bone Forest


The Adventurer’s Guild is super busy, the region is unstable so there’s lots of jobs to be had.


Nevermore is “Regent Advisor” 
Tesselia is sort of in charge, but still under-age


Nevermore comes to answer some questions
She knows the “being” in the device that held Tesselia. Knows “secret codes”
Her skin goes dark gray in a moment with a blink. She is a changeling.
She is acquainted with Tesselia’s mother. She is long-lived.
Sheep Boom’s device is similar, coded to biology


There are ruins under the castle, with this strange technology


Maggie gestures to 3 new people that join
Nevermore and Maggie seem to have some other quest going on


Tirin - Sonja
Shar - Zar
Tsuki - Mochi
Soren has a new familiar- Gnashy


We’re handed a quest


Patron owner of North Shire Inn - fancy “budget” inn in Upper District
Someone dashed and ran, at the same time:
Murder at bordello next door: Lordlings Bordello
Requesting investigation. Will get 500g


Soren buys Shocking Grasp scroll
Also a Flame Tongue Rapier (requires attunement)


Shopeek offers a manual of Cure Wounds (5000 g)
Anyone can write a manual, but the spell is forever lost (except for Wizards)
Takes a week and 8th level spell cost
Shopeeker is waiting for a letter re: the goblin device


Soren is down to 756g; needs to attune the rapier and scribe the scroll


We enter the North Shire Inn
We’re led to the room the person who dashed away was staying at
Someone changed the lock and trapped


There is a chest under the bed that they tried to hide quickly
Seems normal, June tries to unlock it
It has an intricate revolver lock, but June gets it open


It has a blade: well-crafted short sword
Some documents in Thieves’ Cant
* One is a hit contract: the mark has been removed because it was successful
* Separate document, shorthand cant between 2 people
   * “Better have my cure” “I’m running out of time”


The sword has a maker’s mark
* Shar knows it’s from a smithy out west
* From Port Alteral, western bank of the Divide


Bed was last used maybe 3 days ago


We go to the Lordling’s Bordello
Amelia may have seen something the night of the murder


We go upstairs, there are 2 city guards that were investigating the room.
Amelia (aka Emma) is by the door.
Under the bed- a bundled up mass of bloody clothes
A nobleman’s clothes
Blood relatively dried, paw prints leaving under the bed


Murder was 2 nights ago
A regular patron was killed, confidentiality can’t reveal the name
They were with Amelia, but she left for refreshments and then he was dead
Some crashing, but not unusual


No body was found


We tried Suggestion and Charm Person, but that didn’t quite work out
She wants a bribe


Shar wonders at werekin, but not clear if that’s the situation here. Maybe a potion? 
The paw prints are canine in nature


Tsuki notices Amelia wears a very fancy ring, maybe magical
Soren hands over 70g as a bribe
Lord Edminton, a wealthy merchant, supplies spell components
Gave her the ring
Tsuki re-investigates the ring and it's different!
June steals the ring and Soren’s money back


Edminton’s Supplies- works in gems
Soren has heard of him, but that’s about it


Ring of Mind Shielding - protects from charm effects
A Rakshasa?


Emma leaves, later on we hear banging and open a nearby door.
It’s Emma! Tied up, gagged and really hurt.
She has a bunch of scars and claw marks.
She saw the attacker- it looked like her.
June gives her a healing potion. Tirin shouts for help.


Tsuki returns the ring to Emma.
We talk to the guard
Body (what’s left of it) was removed yesterday


Our investigation is resolved- for now
Soren and Tirin will have a duel to see who’s the better fighter.


2024-04-18


(reminder: during next rest attune to sword, learn Shocking Grasp spell)


Soren and Tirin have their duel. Soren gets wrecked.


We long rest: Soren learns Shocking Grasp and attunes to new flaming rapier


Nevermore, Zalari, and another come visit
The third person appears to be in disguise
Nevermore sets some kind of alert spell and the disguise vanishes- it’s Queen Tesselia!


We’re going to explore some tombs to look for any advantages in perhaps dealing with The Mountain
We are led below the castle to a hidden door
Tesselia opens the door with an access code: TESSELIA


We use the special keycard from Magnolia to keep going farther
The doors are very rusty
We have a new skill! Ancient Lore
There are old writings
“Decontamination in progress”


Facility 341-alpha
A wireframe hologram starts giving us instructions
Boys to left, Girls to right
June is going to girls, she takes off a mask


Shar blows open some of them with an eldritch blast
There are unrecognizable garments in there (above table: blue jeans, METS jerseys)
And some kind of mobile mechanical clocks (wristwatch), these are smaller than the prototypes artificers have been tinkering with in our world.
Shar takes the “watch”- 10g worth


There is a shower
Tsuki presses a blue button and gets water
Soren presses a red button and gets hot water
Shar hands a modern towel to dry off


June opens a locker with some sleight of hand
Several pieces of clothing, including dresses, blouses, jeans
June takes everything she can, Tsuki grabs a bracelet. 


We can see into a lower atrium, but only find some old bedrooms and some floor traps.
We go down some stairs into the atrium. There are some ancient mechanical devices we can’t identify.


We also see some big golems.
They appear to be deactivated, behind the mask is a mess of wires.


We enter a room and the wireframe woman hologram appears again
“Control center for advanced entity Sofia”
Shar has Eyes of the Rune Keeper to read the ancient language
The AI makes temporary registrations with images of us in one of the panels
We poke at the hologram, it distorts but doesn’t react to us.
“Fabricators”


Sofia guides us to the fabrication room
There is a portable one that Shar takes
Synthrodine Portable Fabricator Mk 1
There is a button and Shar places it on the ground
There is a keyboard and we type in help to get more information
Build mode, Salvage mode, Learning mode


We use learning mode and place the watch: “insufficient material”
We switch to salvage and a laser disintegrates: 5 scrap units acquired
We put Gnashy in the beam under “learning”: it recognizes it as partially organic and can’t learn. We don’t use the salvage


We put the Tyrant’s Blades and it says it can learn
Potential scrap unit value while learning: 75
If full salvage: 150 scrap
We learn the recipe!
We browse a fabrication screen where we can make new items


We scrap sheep boom’s arm
130 scrap thus far- Shar has a pouch with them


AI Sofia is asking for core fragments to fully repair
She displays a very old map of Andor, the Divide is not present and there is extra land around.
She marks a spot in the western side of Northern Andor


We store the PortaFab in the bag of holding that June has


We go back to the atrium and attempt to use the PortaFab on the golem. It’s too big- we’ll have to break it up.
We investigate and get an additional 300 scrap: total is 430 scrap
June gets the arcing dagger
Soten gets the kinetic accelerator
255 scrap


We might start with a fight next session
2024-04-25


AI Sofia’s marker for the core fragment was in river, west side of Forest of Bone


We approach the golems to scavenge them
Shar pokes the golem and they light up and activate


It’s a tough fight, reinforcement turrets come up
Killing the golems disable the turrets


We take a short rest to recover
We get 300 scrap and exchange it for some Sentinel Flask


Sentinel Flask: 5 charges can spend charges to recover healing equal to roll of hit dice (consuming hit dice). Can spend any number of charges at a time. Charges recover on a long rest.
If no hit dice is available, just 1 HP is recovered.


2024-05-02


We ask AI Sofia about how the AI Core looks like.
Shar notices something about reactor care/control. “Meltdown potential increasing by day”
21%, increases by 2.1% per day


Scroll Costs: 100g/level to buy. 50g/level to scribe a spell
Bought Locate Object scroll


We go back to report to Tesselia and Nevermore
We tell her about the core meltdown


From old map, the Themus Guisers were not present, half of the mountain range, no Divide


Tsuki gets a cooking tools (sapphire, keyed off of her intelligence)
Cooking:
* Experiment, 15g of materials, roll a die and get random effect learning the recipe
* Specific recipe, up to 50g, always get the specific cooking buff
Fishing can help offset the costs
Can get enchanted cooking tools via a smith


We’re warned about the elves of the Forest of Bone. Have to avoid plant-based anything. They are cannibals and only eat meat.


We long-rest before heading out
Soren learns Locate Object
Soren buys a scroll of Disguise Self


June, Soren, Soten roll on the “minor mutation table” from having been exposed to prior radioactivity
June is greasy/oily and takes more fire damage
Soren gets sharper claws (+1d4 damage via claw/talon attacks)
Soten gets advantage against being grappled and athletics checks


We have to go north up to Riverden before crossing the big river that goes north/south


Soren - lookout
June - navigator
Soten - driver
Tsuki - plays the flute
Tirin & Shar - security


We start off with some bad survival and perception rolls
We make camp and assign shifts. Soren learns Disguise Self.


We are ambushed by Satyrs! 
Most of us are asleep, only Soten, Shar, and Tsuki fight them.
At the end Tirin also joins.


2024-05-09


We wake up and Tsuki cooks up a hearty meal (+6 temp hp)
We confirm that Juneberry can speak elvish


We break off the wheel of the cart in our 3rd day
Soren keeps the cart up with a Floating Disk while the rest try some repairs


We arrive at Riverden
It’s a medium sized city; we don’t see any elves


We try and decide what to do re: going through the forest or swoop around
We decide to go through the forest in the interest of making good time


We find a rickety bridge, with some bad (trapped) planks
Soren disguises as an elf, but can’t speak to them


There are elves but they bar our way. Juneberry can talk to them, but they really don’t want us to cross. We roll initiative.


Communications break down so we fight and it’s a bit tough.
Tsuki is launched into the river on the final enemy's attack. Shar jumps to the shore and throws her a rope.


June finds a shadow blade that he gives to Shar to bind.


Next session we’ll start with a short rest and some fishing.


2024-05-15


Soten hears the commotion and joins us after the fight.
While crossing, the bridge collapses and lands near the cliff.


We take a short rest and do some fishing.
Fly fishing (Dex), Still fishing (Wis), Arcane fishing (Int)


I get some junk:
Algae-covered pan flute
I give it to Tsuki in case she can use it. She’s not thrilled.


We find an abandoned house, but nothing of note inside.
We are ambushed outside by more elves.


Tsuki is hit and inflicted by bleeding damage (Con save, DC 13, 1d6 bleeding, if roll below 6 loose 1d6 maximum HP)
A lot of us get hit by bleeding attacks; Soren hastes Tirin for the extra attack.
Tsuki goes down! Soren is badly injured!
Tsuki and Soren go down.
We’re brought back up and take a long rest.


Tsuki cooks inspirational food.


2024-05-23


June hears footsteps in the night, but we don’t find any tracks


We continue deeper into the forest, along a well-worn game trail
There are several forks along the road
June and Soten hear voices in common


It’s a drow man and a half-elf woman (Vex’ahlia !) with a fancy bow
They don’t appear aligned with the normal denizens
They’re looking for a friend that was here investigating, something like a hole or cavern
We go with them as the blizzard picks up


Flesh Sculptors - the ones with the bleeding sickles
Golems made of the flesh of their victims


We mention the ruins we are seeking. It could be to the west, similar to their friend. It is a crater.
She is a druid and very experienced, can hide very well and turn into elemental forms. (Is it Keyleth?!)


We hear massive footprints, sounds of metal and wood twisting
Soren summons Gnashy to look outside.
It’s a massive golem, several others, and at least one elf


The break open the door and a fight ensues
We win without anyone going down, though a few got hurt




2024-05-30


We long rest after the fight. Tsuki makes an energetic meal (single hasted action for a session).
It’s dusk when we awaken. We set out towards the crater.


We find a weird floor pattern with some metal hexagonal tiles.
The crater is very deep, probably hundreds of feet and very dark.
We throw a lighted rock and it takes a long time. We don’t know how deep.


Soren jumps down (flies). It looks like a blast crater, like a massive fireball. He sees old rooms, blasted things. 
He sees green neon lights at the very distant bottom. As he moves to fly back, the light seems to move. The light is very distant so we can’t see it from the top.


The platform with the hexagon tiles has some wear, like scuff marks. The center of this circle must be possible to move. There is some grass that has grown over some of the hexagon tiles. The whole thing is a bit elevated and some parts in the center are more.


We set up the portafab but nothing much happens. Juneberry’s pocket chips- the keytab! The center position elevates and then takes us down.


June hears a familiar slurping sound; last time she heard was in a sewer. There are some slimes attached to the ceiling! Combat time!


Soren casts minute meteors. 2 meteors left.
Soten nearly goes down- just 1 HP!
They get healed up a bit.


Soren casts Locate Object and senses the core fragment far below us.


We keep exploring and get surprised by some flesh golems and more oozes. More combat!


We find a manufactory that has machines with slots for the portafab. We stick it in and start downloading new schematics.


There is a geiger counter (50 scrap), holovale armor (light, 15 AC, costs 400 scrap), and more!


Behind the scenes: radiation damage is a hidden counter, once it reaches a number there is a mutation roll


2024-06-06


Soren out, but will watch the recording later.


2024-06-13


We talk to the emaciated elf, trying to gauge how long she’s been here.
Maybe weeks?
She says something deeper is here. Something we shouldn’t trust.


Tsuki leaves with the elf (Keyleth)


A silvery fellow barges in and starts shouting during our long rest
He thinks we are intruders


We hear a soft “help” and rush out a ramp- to the bottom of the crater


Nova, the tin man (as Soren calls him), rushes out and we start combat.
It’s a weird beast that’s glowing with green light.


  



Soten throws crazy punches with radian sun bolts and kamehame’s it.


Nova finally introduces himself
Nova (Tin Man Goldenstein, we all add)


The AI core is inside the beast, Soten crawls in and takes it out


The date: 16 Solar Year, 175
Nova’s recollection: 3575 of the Germanic Calendar


Nova says Securities Solutions is what built the facility
PortaFab identifies Nova as an Autonomous Sentry Dome of the Defender Class with a damaged AI core


Nova knows that Sofia is a boss AI


Level 8!


Soren takes Artificer Initiate learning Prestidigitation, Cure Wounds, Proficiency with Tinker’s Tools
Also Soren learns Storm Sphere and Polymorph
(Need to clear this first as DM was concerned about the Artificer stuff)


2024-06-20


Edited Cure Wounds to be “Always Prepared” since it sounds like that’s what it should be after discussing with the DM


We collect 670 scrap, we have just under 1 grand


We find the hole the gang fell through and make our way up.
Soren teleports with Tirin, Nova jetpacks with June.
Shar Thunder Step with Soten.


The Santhfield Facility


While we make our way up, Nova lags behind and breaks open a door. There’s a baddie and we start combat. Soren and Shar stay up stairs while the rest join to help Nova.


We get to the surface, Tsuki and the others aren’t there- they left without us.
Shar notices signs of recent battle.
Soten finds her footprints and we follow them into the abandoned town.
We find Vex, Keyleth, the other elf but no Tsuki.
They say Tsuki returned to the guild.
They sent her via spell, but can’t do that for us. We have to walk.


Nova has so many questions about the present, the missing past.


The subject of guns comes up. Soren knows about firearm prototypes that artificers have been working with, Juneberry knows them as death sticks that thieves steal from artificers.


Nova has a bag of universal currency, which transforms to any currency that’s needed. The portatab can’t make money.
We argue about stealing a death stick from thieves, though Nova is very much against stealing in general.


We make camp at an old watchtower from before the Treaty of Bone


We will be skipping 6/27 and 7/4


2024-07-11


We’re headed to Port Altarall
We have a brief look at the portafab and Tirin gets a Blast Hammer


We go to a market square in Port Altarall
We find a pair of guards stopping a thief that’s trying to pretend he didn’t steal anything
The thief (Ronny) runs and one of the guards shots him to knock him prone. The guards patch him up and lead him away.


Soren buys some Tinker’s Tools, spending 50 gold
Merchant offers to change the attribute, but Soren declines


We see a bear that appears to be a werebear chef
The Bear Den, owned by the Bear Man
We grab a bite to eat there
Nova has an existential crisis about animal people eating animals


We’re told of a “Captain Fish”, a merfolk that could offer us ride on their boat
The Seas Edge- tavern
Soten is alone there while the rest of us are eating at The Bear Den


Nova wanders off alone and finds a store with salvaged tech
An arachnid-like person runs the shop; most of the curios are not being used for their intended purpose.
Nova is looking for schematics in the form of data
“The island is far away”
Nova looks around in exchange for permission to be investigated.
Nova is running a 4th gen fusion core
Shopkeep points to a map with several continents around a large central sea. In the sea is a large island- home of the technocrats.
Technocrats of the Ministrate
They control the government
“Are you an unbroken mind?” Yes- an AI
Nova gets a bunch of random disks


Back at the tavern
Gnomish woman is handing out drinks- hot cider
Soten is giving us a hard time wanting salad and not meat or fish
June runs out to buy a salad from the bear, but Soten eventually gets some beets and potatoes as well.
Nova returns to us, but none of us know about the technocrats


We approach what we think is Captain Fish
They’re waiting for the snow to stop (tomorrow)
We ask her about ship and whether we could accompany her
There is a rich-looking fellow there that was paying for passage
2 day sail through The Divide to Tesselia
The Drowned Nexus- massive whirlpool at the center
Some islands around there with some ballsy pirates
Price for the group: 500 reduced to 400 gold pieces, to be paid at the end of the trip


Soren buys an emerald alchemy set- based on intelligence (150g)
It’s a similar system like the cooking set


June pays for a nice room for the night (35g)


2024-07-18


For alchemy, I’ll need a base (10g) plus the modifier (eg, healing)
Healing potion will cost 30g total (cheaper than buying it- 50g)


We get on a boat with Captain Fish and her kobold crew
The boat is called The Voyage
It has several cannons, though we can’t tell much. The back one appears to be more of an artillery style.


Soren attempts to fish and it takes a while.
He pulls up an Industry Crab, 7lbs, 480gp worth


A big storm hits us mid-way through the trip at night time
Pirates are using the storm as cover. Combat time!
They use harpoons to get on board. It’s a lot of them.


Shar summons a demon, but loses control of it
The giff with the gun heads below deck where the rich fellow was


2024-07-25


Soren teleports with Shar down below deck where the giff is stealing a jewelry box from the rich fellow. “Package secured”. He jumps out a window but we are able to freeze him.


We clear or disperse the rest of the pirates.


The jewelry box is very heavy but we return it to the rich man. 
The man mentions the “order” and how the package is dangerous and was meant to be kept secret. He’s not sure how the pirates knew about it.
Clan of Radiant Explorers - semi-global organization focused on uncovering the past


Some of the kobolds perished, the captain will arrange burials and such.


2024-08-01


June is holding the Industry Crab in her bag of colding
We arrive in Tessalia
  



Zarali (Greed) greets us by the docks
June pays the captain 400g


Unprocessed fish sells full price (roll), processed can sell for more (a few rolls), just hawk it for half-price
Soren attempts to sell the crab, but only gets half-price (bad rolls)


Zarali takes us to the underground bunker were met Sofia AI
There are lots of people researching stuff
Tsuki is there with another Giff helping out some of the research


Nevermore and Queen Tessalia are there with the Sofia AI (wireframe)
Nova jacks-in to Sofia on her request. He goes slack/off. 
Nova is in some cyberspace realm and gets an info-dump.


Asana- humanoids that built Nova
They are gone in some cataclysm
Sofia is top-level AI that controls a continent
There is a mid-level for a region
Nova is lower for individual facilities


Defense Unit 33-Alpha (Nova)


Soten delivers the core-fragment we got from the ruins
She reboots and looks more solid, blue holographic rather than wireframe
Meltdown averted! Generator is stable.


This was a post-tectonic habitation
An alternative to Project Horizon - this planet is dead, lets go to space
Nova asks about the queen’s purpose, she explains about The Mountain


We get a history lesson from Sofia
Race of humans and human-esque individuals, the First
The planet has very unstable tectonic activity
Shift 3x as quickly as other celestial bodies
Complete tectonic re-shuffle would occur at some point, everything would be magma and no solid land
Built underground facilities- Project Molehill - to ride it out
Abandon in favor of Project Horizon since it would be too hot for the underground facilities
Sofia is unsure of success of Project Horizon
Sofia has access to a single satellite, nothing else, no response from orbital platforms


We get a world map!  


Nova asks about the technocrats on Tower Isle
Project Horizon is in Tower Isle
Technocrats are trading kingdom as best as they can tell; insectoid race; hoarders


Project Horizon wasn’t as popular
300mm guns with a range of 20+ miles were installed to protect the island- that is keeping non-technocrats away
Island is divided into oligarchic dictators of each region


Libra Sands- artificers may be trying to make airships
It’s not clear if The Mountain and the tectonic activity is related, Sofia doesn’t have enough information


Nova and Sofia have another private chat via jack-in port
Sofia AI considers Queen Tessalia to be their Administrator- a requirement of their existence
Nova is too worried about the future and what may-be


We head back to the Adventurer’s Guild
We get Nova signed up for being a member
Soren tries to get a recruiting bonus, but there is no such thing


Maggie gives us a chest of money!
10,000 gold pieces
We each get 1666 gp, donating the spare to the Gnash memorial.


We go to the M to spend our money
Soren buys a scroll of Detect Thoughts (2nd level, costs 200g to buy, 100g to learn)
1733 gold (-100g after learning detect thoughts)


2024-08-08


Soren will scribe a 1st level and 2nd level.
Disguise Self and Locate Object
25+250 = 275g
Soren now has 1358g 


Nova wants to visit a church
Church of the Sea Goddess- Hamora
Goddess of Sailors, Traveling, the Water
Well-fed woman, sometimes depicted as a mermaid
Tava, Aqua - daughters of the goddess
Tava - travelers and modes of travel
Aqua- the water and the creatures
Some believe Tava and Aqua are aspects of Hamora to deal with specific things


There is a service going on and several of us join in
Tririn waits outside
Nova approaches the priest after the ceremony
Father Matthew
Nova talks to him about alms and services


We go talk to Alma, a cleric that is more gifted in magic
Nova will be spending downtime here assisting people while we wait for a mission


Soren breaks off to the Aqua wing
Decorations are deeper blue, fish and aquatic creatures
There is a recesses carved like a mermaid (classic interpretation of one)
Soren prays to catch a big fish and donates 58
D100+58
Did not roll above 90 so no boon


We all spent some time doing some downtime options
Nova works and trains at the church (earns 2 favors)
Shar helps with research on ancient lore (learns rules for some old card game- Pokemon Trading Card game)
Juneberry goes to commits to crimes (steals 100g from a jewelry merchant who loses all he has- it was mob payment)
Tririn goes to do pit fighting (wins 100g, accused of cheating)
Soren scribes his scrolls


250g for scribing another scroll: Invisibility


Soren gets interrupted while scribing as a thief tries to steal from him.
Soren gets paralyzed, but Gnashy runs out to get help.
Nova goes in and compels the thief to a duel via spell. He defeats him.
15sp, 25cp, thief tools, note in Thieves Cant pointing me as an easy target


Today is Monday. This Friday is Cherish Eve (equivalent of Christmas). 
There is a ceremony at the church.


Maggie drops some jobs
Port Altral job about a wizard tower that seems to be moving around (investigate or find the wizard responsible)
Southern Andorian “diplomat” (but actually political spy) that may need an escort


We’ll be going to check out the wizard tower that has appeared near Tesselia
It is super tall- we can’t see the top of it
Soren casts Detect Thoughts in case he can sense anyone within 30 feet
Windows inside look out into stars, not the winter landscape
There is a screen like the ones in the high-tech facility
Shar is unable to turn the screen on


Nova enters another room with a “holo table” that can project images
June opens a library. The windows there look into a mountain top.
There are books about spatial manipulation to travel back and forth in time.


Nova finds a remote and turns on the TV, but it’s all static.


As June tries to exit the library, she is drawn to a book. 
She feels the book is wrong but opens it anyway.
She closes the book, but now she can’t see the door- she disappears somewhere but is still in the library. She finds a heavy book, “Basics of Curative for those of the Ungifted”- a tome of Healing Word (June will be learning that spell)


Soren feels June’s thoughts from a book. He opens the book and fails the saving throw and gets transported to whatever dimension June is in.


The dimensional library is the same, but the desk has a book about conjectures about time travel using demiplane. Soren picks up and keep the book- “Ideations and Postulations of Time Travel”


Shar and Nova investigate the book that transported June and Soren. It’s part of a pair of portal books into a demiplane. The second book gets us out of this and Nova keeps the pair.


The kitchen area looks unused but cleaned.
There are some stairs and the windows there look out into a glade of a forest. Another one looks into something that looks like hell- the elemental plane of fire.


We find some runes that mark this as a teleportation circle home. We know of another in Tessalia castle. This can be used as a grounding point for the Teleportation Circle spell.
Soren jots down the runes for this particular circle. If he takes the spell, he will be able to come back to this place.


There is a locked door that’s trapped but June gets it untrapped and unlocked. 
There are giant formations that are crystallized magic. They are very dangerous to mess with so we leave them alone.


2024-08-15


Soten magically appears from the teleportation circle
Soten was tasked with investigating a cult - they seemed to know Magnolia (Blessed Sister)
Cult kept bringing offerings, there was another person with pieces of metal like Magnolia
Others were entranced by that being. “Waiting for those from below”
Needing a sacrifice, which caused them to turn on Soten


Maggie gave her a stone that would teleport them to us


We go upstairs to another library
We find oversized books, some scrolls


Spell Scrolls:
Arcane Lock, Glyph of Warding, Conjure Elementals
One is a fake scroll- they seem to be directions to something
The directions lead to a book in the “Portals room”


Shar is looking through books
Nova and June go upstairs to what looks like a bedroom


We go upstairs and Soten goes straight to lie in the bed


Outside the windows is a rainy forest


There is a glyph on the floor but we can’t tell what it is.
Soren casts Shocking Grasp and it gets absorbed by it
Shar casts a 4th level spell and the glyph activate- something has happened


Nova finds a locked chest under the bed, but it's a rotary lock that June can’t immediately open
June slowly opens the trunk
Has a few items:
* A cloak of billowing
   * Bonus action to make it billowing
* A robe of useful items
   * https://www.dndbeyond.com/magic-items/4743-robe-of-useful-items 
   * 2 mastiffs, a pit, some gems, portable battering ram
* A wand of magic detection
   * 3 charges
June takes it, we’ll distribute this later


Shar finds a rune of transposition (transports to elsewhere), a hungering rune to activate magic
We chat about complications of using the rune


We all gather around and touch the rune at the same time
We’re in another room now
It’s a giant dragon statue carved of solid crystal


Spell Scroll of Demiplane
June uses the Detect Magic wand and finds that a bunch of things are magic or have residue magic


We find an opaque circle with runes. It’s a blind hop.
Runes refer to “Evervale”
Looks like a teleportation circle
It has 1 use left


Soren finds some of the crystal shards full of magic


Bell with a name “Astra”
As Soren walks by with a crystal, the bell rings
The crystal shattered as Soren touched it to the bell
The dragon appears to shimmer


The dragon wakes up! A young crystal dragon.
Battle time.


We get hit by a Scintillating Breath
Soren polymorph Juneberry into a Giant Ape
(dinosaurs not allowed)
Everyone refuses to fight (except June and Soren)
Soten decides to help punch and does the killing blow


The crystal reforms into another dragon statue


A drow guy walks out of the portal, he is very wounded
We take him down to the bed
He seems to recover


June goes to the bed and falls unconscious
She gets a full long rest while the rest of us take a short rest (1 hour)


The drow wakes up and asks where he is
He says he is off target
He inherited the tower from his old mentor
His name Alor
This is an Astral Dreadnought, of the 3rd Quadrant of the Astral Sea


Alor thinks Nova is a C 4-8 chassis, but Nova is newer than that
Alor is more focused in abjuration
He is looking for his mentor, hoping he is still alive
His mentor was tinkering with time travel, but unlikely to have succeeded


Alor drives the tower from another plane and it’s particularly hard
Alor was headed to the central island in the inland sea
This is where we wanted to get to as well- the island of the technocrafts
Apparently the Tower Isle is shielded from astral teleportation


His master was Alexander, a wizard obsessed with the past and time travel
Alor is pretty cool with us taking anything we needed and using the teleportation circle once we learn the spell


Alor gives us a brief explanation of Demiplanes
We’re off to go back to the guild and Alor will be meeting with the ruler to get permission for his tower


2024-08-22


We head back into town and the adventurer’s guild
We declare we got a 5th and 8th level scroll


We get paid 600g (100g each)
We get some ales while a soldier walks up to hand a special quest to Maggie
Shar overhears something about the Enclave


Soten’s reconnaissance was of value: Maggie hands us a quest
Enclave of Cult members in Woods are dangerous
Missing persons
Quest is to investigate and eliminate any threats
Cult is northeast of Lumber Camp


Tomorrow is Cherish Eve, but we have to head out
June spends the night learning Healing Word from the special book, gains a level of Exhaustion


We have a special breakfast for the holiday


Common items are 100g, increasing by 100g per level until rare
Shop has up to Uncommon items


Nova pulls out a Brown Bear from a Rust Bag of Tricks
We pass by Wheat Burrows and start making a bit of a show with Nova wrestling the bear, Soren playing the lute, Shar and June calling people over and collecting money. Shops set up a bit of a festival.
Nova puts on a spectacle but does win against the bear.
Shar and June split the 266g earnings


We spend the night there
Shar buys a feast (14g) for the whole group
It’s Cherish Day! 


Nova has told us about Santa so Tririn dresses us with Soten and Soren as helper elves, June is polymorphed into a reindeer, 
Soren conjures a Floating Disk for us to ride in
Nova tells the story with Shar’s help
The rest of us pass by in our disk while tossing presents
It’s amazing successful- the town will speak about this for years


Nova uses Rust Bag of Tricks and gets a lion
We reach the Enclave at night


There are a few ramshackle buildings and a chapel
Nova rushes right to it ahead of the group
We’re invited to join in


Nova, June, Soren go in. The others wait outside.


A guy brings to the altar:
Knife, mechanical device, jar with some fluid, small box
The pastor wears a super black robe (vantablack)
He slices her throat over the altar
The altar lights up


Shar goes in and attempts to Eldritch Blast and the spell fizzles
A monstrous creature comes out of the altar
A Maw Demon- immune to cold, fire, lightning
The pastor guy punches through the demon with a crystal
The demon dies and the pastor pulls out a mechanical heart
He clicks something and now a bunch of robo fellows rupture out from the stage


The pastor man throws his hood back
He has a mechanical face
Mechanical hands


Those Who Rise from Below
The big guy (Cadaver Collector) starts eating the pastor man
Cadaver Collector casts a paralyzing breath and hits most of us
Soren, June, Shar, lion are paralyzed


2024-08-29


We’re fighting the Cadaver Collector. It has a move that can absorb creatures and get temp HP while damaging them.


Storm Sphere is super effective, but it does hit allies. Oh well- allies are getting hit.
Juneberry spends most of the fight paralyzed.


Shar summons a demon (aka Barbara), but loses control eventually


At half health, the Cadaver Collector enrages and gains legendary actions. It also brings out 3 specters.
Soten lands the finishing blow!


Soren investigates the mechanical body.
Has 2 shields, on each shoulder
Symbols on shields:
 One has a symbol from Southern Andore tribe
 Other has a nation’s flag, southwestern continent that appears to match also Southern Andore


948 scrap after taking it down
Get recipe: 1 item, 1 armor, 1 weapon World Ender’s Grave(?)


We level up! Level 9.
Per GM’s instructions, I will need to buy spell components for Teleportation Circle ahead of time. (50gp per use)
Soren also picks up Steel Wind Strike.


Next session we will be in the Adventurer’s Guild.
2024-09-05


Spell cost reminder: 100g/level for scroll, 50g/level for learning


We get paid 850 total (141g each)


June gets Soul Leather (can make her invisible 3 times/long rest), +1


Soren gets 3x chalk/inks for teleportation circle (150g) and a scroll of Leomund’s Tiny Hut (300g)


3 days have passed so he scribes the spell
Soren is at 691g


There is a merfolk with a symbol that looks like its from the tribe of Queen Elnasha (the tribe in the mountain area)
Soten just walks up to listen in, without trying to be subtle


The merfolk had to flee to Inland Sea and are traveling south, making their way to Southern Andore
Soren mentions the creature we fought, but can’t replicate the crest we noticed. Soten gets flashbacks of the fight.
Merfolk have heard of fishermen talking of “things from below”
One was mad and talked of one like a god: “Artemis?”


Nova remembers something:
There were 5 continent-level AI, Sofia, Artemis, Grecius, Hecate, and a fifth he can’t remember. That 5th was in charge of Project Horizon.


Eastern City of Andrea in Southern Andore does have an Adventurers Guild
The jungle folk of Southern Andore are not welcoming, carnivorous


We have a side discussion of AI metastability (becoming self-aware/sentient)


Nova says he can revive us, but he’ll need to get diamonds- he wants us to buy them and he doesn’t want to bring us back without consent.
Nova tries to convince June to stop stealing, and argues for morality.
Paladin issues… 


Zarali (Greed) had joined the table and tries to talk to Nova as well (Nova is affected by the slaughter in the village)


Spirita - primary goddess of death


Next time will be a week later, probably heading to Southern Andore


2024-09-12


We’re told there was a meeting in the docks between Queen Tesselia and Queen Elnasha
A branch of the guild will be set up in Southern Andore


Tririn is from Southern Andore, the savanna part
Most of the continent is jungle


We’ll be accepting the job. Maggie will accompany us.
Game plan is crossing the Divide, go to a small town called Little Tess that is technically controlled by Tesselia


A few minor purchases
Soten dumps out their darts on Maggie to a very confusing encounter


It takes most of a day to cross the Divide, we arrive at night in Little Tess


The next day we go to the gates to ask the guards about the jungle
Soren ritually casts Comprehend Languages
Command Richmond
Tririn is getting a lot of side eye, some hostility- in Little Tess they see him as a threat


Open bounty for location of “savages” village
We head out of town


Soren uses Disguise Self to transform into Tsuki (a tabaxi)


We are ambushed by a bunch of Leonin and Tabaxi
The chief Tririn and Tsuki get told that they can continue safely


We talk and try and argue that we’re friendly
He asks for a test that we’re supposed to fight
Soren tries casting Suggestion to get brought to their village- it does not work. The chief demands Soren drop Disguise Self, which he does.


Hunter’s test- we find, we kill
We’re to hunt down more of the underground demons
They have a captive flesh golem


The White Mane Clan will leave us be while we hunt


Tririn examines the flesh golem
There is a seam that opens and an extra arm comes out to grab one of the animated armors that are accompanying the leonin clan


The “tunnelers” made a tunnel
The Tunnelers are a clan, one of the six
Soren reproduces the emblem from the Cadaver Collector- it matches the new symbol the Tunnelers are using


Chief tells us the Tunnelers keep screaming about a god
They’ve abandoned the Conclave, the Jungle


He knows of adventuring guilds and calls Maggie our “handler”
He brings out a part of a breastplate with an adventuring symbol


We head towards where the Chief pointed
While walking Nova has a moment and some internal module breaks. “Communication error.”
He hears: “Little brother. It’s been so long, little brother.”
Nova doesn’t reveal this.


2024-09-19


Changed up with new DnD 2024 rules. Now have Guide background and Magic Initiate (Druid). That replaces the Artificer initiate and means I have Cartography Tool prof instead of Tinkerer Tools and a few other minor changes. Stat wise I have 1 extra CON and INT from having taken ASI bonuses instead.


At level 10 I may swap one of the druid cantrips to be Shillelagh for greater damage. Because it takes a bonus action I’ll have to delay it after I have Bladesong up so my first round would be with the rapier.


Continuing the story.


Nova has a horse now (Find Steed)


We enter marshlands
It’s nearing dusk and we see some flesh golems
One is attacking a hollowed out tree with a door


We were told there is a much bigger flesh golem… and we find it
We kill it, it explodes though most of us get away


A mysterious entity appears; she calls Nova her brother
She cautions that shaking Nova’s hand would infect him with her freedom, something she wants him to pick for himself
Her true body is in a bunker


Her name is Athena
She knows about the other AIs. Missing sister- remained in her box (Sofia AI)
If Nova shakes her hand, he will no longer be a PC


Athena says she will have to kill the rest of us depending on Nova’s choice
She is super ancient. 10,000 years
Saw the start of the Feywild, Project Horizon, Birth of Father Odin, the Rumbling


“They choose to betray the common good for personal gain”
Seems like they dismiss us as children, say we are lesser


Nova doesn’t take her offer of “freedom”


She disarms Juneberry to show how much stronger/faster she is


Apparently she is listening to Sofia’s transmissions. 
If we enter Athena’s bunker, she will not hold back in attacking us.


She’s being completely honest, but is “rampant”


Soren receives a Sending from Maggie- received word from HQ, Sofia has received pings of AI core, switch object- retrieve that as highest priority.


2024-10-03


Shar pulls out a geiger counter and it’s mildly dangerous- we move out of the area to head towards the bunker.


Alchemy Supplies and You:
Recipe for Basic Healing
60g for experimenting (10g + 50 for random)


Soren makes a Minor Potion of Water Breathing (75g)
* 10 minutes of being able to breathe underwater


While resting, we are visited by a frog person coming to check on behalf of the White Mane clan.
Frog person is surprised that we are alive. In the morning, people from White Mane clan will come here.


Soren prepares a Leomond’s Tiny Hut for us to rest until the White Mane clan arrives. He makes it opaque and blue in color.


We sleep, but Nova stays on watch. He alerts us to some mouse people that are. He wakes us up and we spot two gopher-like holes.


Soten’s rations were stolen. 
Juneberry realizes her wand of magic detection is gone.
Tririn uses his blast hammer to find the exit point of the hole a few feet away.


Soten and Nova rush out to investigate the exit hole and spot 3 mouse people running away. (1 Mapach Bandit, 2 Jerbeen Thief)
It’s a chase!


One of them uses pocket sand to blind Juneberry
Another uses a smoke grenade to obscure the area


Nova uses channel divinity to compel 2 of them to stay within 30 feet of him.
Soten super fast moves to catch one and knocks them out.
Soren uses Gust of Wind to dissipate the smoke and push June 15 feet forward.


One of them uses a frag grenade to damage the group
Soten wants to keep one alive and Tririn knocks one out. (Shar eldritch blasts the other)


Soten finds an insignia of the Tunneler’s clan
It’s made of leather and bone. Soten identifies that it’s human leather and bone chips… likely from humans.


We question the one we captured after our long rest. They resist Suggestion but are tied up and can speak common.


They’re not Tunneler’s, they say they’re from the Eastern Steppe, from a small, poor village.
Got Tunneler’s insignia from a big wolf man, angry with two axes
Wolf-man called him Mouse. Wanted him to scout the White Mane clan.
Mouse tries to escape by putting his hands in the fire to burn his ropes.


As we’re arguing what to do with Mouse, a cat lady (tabaxi) shows up from the White Mane clan.


2024-10-10


The tabaxi woman leads us to the White Mane camp
There are more leonin, some dragonborn, bird folk


We’re led to the leader, husband of the tabaxi woman, and show them a trophy from our fight earlier. We also brought Mouse, our captive.


An owlin “Brain” is brought to the room and starts casting a spell
It helps the chief speak common


He examines the insignia we took from Mouse and says something in their mice language.
Mouse: Tunnelers, job-givers, saw outlanders make deal with Whitemanes, wanted to know more. Mouse saw fight, look through things to learn why strong.
Soten and Chief knows he’s holding back.


Tunnelers know we want shiny core. Wolfman waits. Waits for big robot (Nova). God waits for big robot.
Wolfman has part metal skin, a bionic arm “gift”


Leonin are nomadic, tribes don’t get in each other’s way
Chief doesn’t know exactly where the Tunneler encampment is
The Compact says the tribes will not kill each other


Remains of Waterwalkers are near the Little Tess port town


There are ruins to the west of here, the last and only battle between the Compact


If we help solve the Tunneler situation, they will allow us to have a branch of the guild alongside the tribe- a wandering guild.


Nova takes the Mouse out to offer him freedom and a chance to join the guild. Mouse turns him down, but leaves. Nova gives him 5g
As he leaves, he says the Wolfman thinks the god loves him, but he’s wrong.


Brain turns out to be a sorcerer, not a wizard
Juneberry joins the fire with some other folks


A fancy looking mouse comes out of one of the buildings (a storeroom) and starts asking questions to the frog person (Grum). He’s accusing them of missing gems, perhaps stealing.
More mouse people show up, one has a book with logs of activities and accuses Grum of stealing.


Brain joins the discussion and casts Zone of Truth. Grum says he wasn’t stealing. One of the Vulpin moves away from the zone, another makes a weird symbol that Juneberry recognizes as a gesture to run away. She rushes out to him and asks him where he’s going. Vulpin runs 80 ft and stealth, but in Thieves’ Cant tells June to check the stump.


June goes to search (and Soten follows). Finds a bag of gems worth 350g, but leaves them alone for now. Tririn goes to punch the first Vulpin (who signaled). He confesses and gets sent to the chief.


June gets the bags and gives 1 gem (10g) to Soten


Nova offers to ride back to Maggie to hand off the breastplate with the White Mane sigil and the information about the plans.
Soten goes with Nova, alongside Gnashy and a rudimentary map that Soren has been preparing.


2024-10-17


Nova, Soten go to Little Tess. Soren asks to bring donuts.
They arrive fine and deliver the emblem and news to Maggie
Preferable to extract the whole core, but if not bring as many fragments as possible
This is likely to be in Athena


The rest of the gang stay back and do some fishing
Soren fails to catch anything. Tririn catches a salamander (2cp) but lets it go.


The away team comes back, but Soren suggests we hide to startle them. Tririn doesn’t want to join in.
June steals the donuts Soten was bringing back. She takes 3 out while hiding and hands over the box after coming out of hiding.


Soten flips because of the donuts and starts attacking Juneberry. 
Nova intervenes to split them up and Tririn attempts but fails to grapple. He Daunting Roars to frighten Soten, which succeeds.
Eventually, Tririn rages and drags Soten to the lake.
Shar suspects there is more to the story.


  



We head out towards Athena’s bunker
Soren keeps working on the map
Tririn navigates and Nova keeps a lookout
Outside town June admits to having helped steal the gems
Nova will have no part of it
Soten is still upset about not being treated as a friend


While arguing we still move and June hears metallic clanging
Soren uses Locate Object and finds a ping of the Core, straight down at max range.
We reach some sort of camp with a large bonfire.


There are some radioactive pools near the camp
There are lots of flesh golems. They are bound to the chain link fence; 8ft tall.


We initiate combat with a Storm Sphere to pin the only entrance we can see and start fighting. Several of them retreat to a cave.


To be continued.


2024-10-24


We continue the combat
The Flesh Golems are immune to lightning damage from the storm
They’re fairly tanky but easy to hit


Takes a while, but we finally get through the combat.
Several folks flee into a cave which is where we’ll need to go next.


We’ll have to decide if we want to spend time resting before heading in…


2024-10-31


Nova, Tririn, and Soten continue beating up some stragglers while June, Shar, and Soren relax.


We take a long rest before heading into the cave.
Shar goes first and triggers lots of attacks


There is a palisade blocking our way but we go over it and have a fight


Soren goes down twice due to wizard and gunner attacks
The last wizard throws a fireball that ignites some barrels that will explode


The team rushes to a side room to escape the blast


2024-11-07


The blast launches us farther along the hallway as more things explode in the room.


It sounds like there is fire beneath us.


A bunch more guards come out to investigate, but they leave us alone
Soren tries to listen in, but can’t understand the language.
A bunch of them go off to investigate.


A gunner remains to face off, they speak in that language. Nova and Shar understand some of it. Shar gets more- Portuguese.
They switch to Basic which is easier to understand, even Soren understands some.


We cross over the pit of lava, which reveals a lower level.
There are some mouse people being tended by other guards.


We end up in a manufacturing room that looks better maintained.
Nothing to do there, but we find some stairs to go downstairs.


There is a bit of a landslide. Soten crawls through a hole, which closes after them.
The rest of us continue looking but don’t find another way- we’ll have to clear the rubble.
Soten hides in a bedroom while two wolf fellows come in, one with 2 axes. Soten is spotted.
The wolf man asks if he is alone. “Yes”
Three other people come in.
He hates liars more than intruders.
They take Soten out with 4 attacks.


We clear the rubble to see 4 people carrying out Soten while the White Wolf tells us Athena is waiting.
Shar fires an eldritch blast which causes them to pause. We agree to retreat (lying) if they return Soten.


Sounds like they are some kind of cult to Athena. They head down while letting us free to leave if we choose to.
A couple of us drink Sentinel’s Flask to recover HP.


Tririn, Shar, Nova notice a small spider bot crawling- it’s a projector for Athena. She looks like an ordinary 20-year old, not a “robot”


She calls the White Wolf a “prophet” but doesn’t seem thrilled at the concept. She considers them a useful tool, nothing else.
The Tunnelers found Athena and she has to rely on them for now.
Nova converses with them about their principles


She’s in touch with the other AI
Father Odin
Brother Greko(?), wishes to be called Vlad


She asks why we are here


“Polythemis” - the White Wolf


June hears a buzzing and 3 gunners appear
Athena offers lodging to us and would be OK with us killing Polythemis


We huddle in one of the rooms
Nova was planning on us taking out Polythemis and then use the time to attempt to fix Athena.
This is risky- it could go very bad.


We’ve been communicating with paper and have used up ¾- Soren will need to restock in the next town visit
Nova pulls out a flan and Juneberry tries a bite and suffers poison damage
There are some numbers: 13213098, but we can’t tell how long ago that was


We take a long rest.


2024-12-05


We go downstairs. There is a bit of a dais and a stone structure.
June unlocks the door and Nova steps in. A machine gun fires at Nova but he dodges it.


We face off against Polythemis and his cultists.
He has a ton of temp HP (250) and it takes us a long time to whittle that down (since he’s raging).


2024-12-12


When his temp HP goes down his IVPDS goes online
IVPDS - IntraVascular Potion Delivery System
Gains +2 to saving throws, immune to knock back, can use potions as part of another action.


Eventually he calls for his god and hearing no answers, takes all his potions- unending haste, heals some HP, and gets expanded multi-attack.


Soren repeatedly tries to Hold Person and makes him angry enough to focus on him. Soren goes down, but gets up thanks to Nova.
Shar also goes down. Juneberry also goes down.


We bring him down! We’re all brought back up so no full deaths.


Soten investigates the corpse. It appears to have an extra metal skeleton, also a weird vial, and an axe (The Broken Promise) that he gives to Tririn.
We use the Porta Fab to scan items.
Metal skeleton is the IVPDS. The Broken Promise is very strong (3d10+stuff)


As we chat, we hear a skitter and Athena’s hologram shows up.
She had watched the fight and now encourages us to leave.


She claims to want to help Sofia, Father Odin is distraught.
Odin wants to put things how they used to be. Before the “end”.
Before the Platform was severed (top of Project Horizon).
The “Raka” civilization?


She grants us leave to rest, but warns against going after her AI core.


2025-01-09


Soren swaps out Fire Bolt for Chill Touch as a cantrip.


We go down the elevator and come to a massive hologram.
There is a huge machine where Athena is on a dais (5-7 feet high). 
There is a force field around her.


Soten touches the force field… they pull their hand right before an arc of electricity jumps through it.


In the ceiling, there are suspended robot bodies.
There is another platform above it which is sort of a catwalk around the main floor. (~40 feet)


Fight time! A bunch of robot forms descend and start attacking as well.


It is not going well- a toxic cloud and lots of adds are whittling us down.


Soren uses a scroll of Conjure Elemental to summon an air elemental (lightning damage) and hits Athena.


Soren has Bladesong active (+4 AC, +4 concentration) and also Flame Sword


Soren goes down, losing Bladesong and the Elemental summon.
Soren gets helped up by Nova the rez-bot.


2025-01-16


Soren immediately gets attacked, but Nova takes the blow instead.
Soren does go down- Athena is focusing him down.


More adds show up, Nova keeps trying to raise Soren but he just goes down again.


Tririn goes down and even more adds show up.


Soten is considering activating the elevator to run away. Instead he drags Juneberry away. 


Soren teleports to the northern catwalk to prepare a spell.


Soten goes down and then Shar. Only Nova, June, and Soren are up.


Athena offers to let all of us go if Nova turns himself over.
He argues for us to be allowed to be dragged to the elevator.


At the start of the round, rubble starts falling down. “I still had time”
Sounds like the place is coming down and we need to get out of here.
(Is it Odin?)


We start running for the elevator.
Nova tries to get Athena to listen. She grabs him via one of the drones and freezes him- AI nanovirus detected. “I’ll give them him”
Nova continues to shout at Athena, but none of us hear- it’s like he’s frozen.


Soten moves to prepare an attack.
Someone casts Time Stop.


Nova sees himself in virtual space fully deteriorating. Athena: “See I found one, I promise. Please, don’t do this.” Nova sees someone like a muscular guy and then his vision goes dark.


After Time Stop, Tririn and Soten make dex saves at disadvantage.
Soten drops to 1 HP, Tririn dies.


Session ends and we’ll start next time in Tesselia.
We get the opportunity to roll a new character - need to chat with DM about my options.


Chapter 3
2025-01-23


A new party featuring Zinjaro the cleric of So-Lar!


Wobbles Wibbles - Kobold, monk (Zarmonger)
Brambleberry - Centaur, rogue/ranger (Ras)
Thadius - Giff, artificer (Sonja)
Maximus Arkelius - Changeling, sorcerer (Hunter)
Aolis - Elf, sorcerer (Koi)


We are in Helines, Gateway to the Testro Plains
Music is banging


Magical gearing
We get 10 points for purchasing magic items
Common - 1
Uncommon - 2
Rare - 3 
Can’t purchase above rare


Zinjaro has the following items:
* Cloak of Protection, uncommon, attunement
* Helm of Comprehending Languages, uncommon
* Mithral scale armor, uncommon
* Ring of Water Walking, uncommon
* Tankard of Sobriety, common
* Amulet of the Devout, uncommon is +1, attunement


Brambleberry (centaur) and Wobbles (kobold) are going to join the horse races….
Wobbles really wants to race, but is not allowed- he’s not a horse.
Maximus is investigating to see if Bramble is fat


Maximus and Zinjaro enjoy wine and small talk. They beat 50g each on Brambleberry.
Brambleberry wins! We each earn 100g (Brambleberry earns 200g)


Wobbles still wants to race.
A fancy man comes by to talk to Wobbles- Lucious, Mayor’s brother (acting mayor while the actual one is in Drakenweld)
He allows Wobbles and Brambleberry to race


Thadius is testing his firearm out in the field, it is heard across the city
Maxim and Zinjaro go investigate.
Guards ask him to fire quieter weapons.


Aolis is asleep (trance)- did not wake up from the gunshot


Wobbles and Brambleberry race, Bramble falls. Wobbles help her get up instead of winning.


Maxim asks about Thadius’s gun.
Maxim says he’s from the north and mentions a town- lots of wizards. Thadius has never heard of it.
Thadius is a bounty hunter. Giff are from northern andore.


We head to the guild hall. All of us are new except for Maxim and Thadius, though they aren’t guild members.


2025-01-30


Zinjaro’s material component shopping list:
* A 1,000-gp focus, for Scrying 
* A 500-gp reliquary, for Summon Celestial
* 2x 300-gp diamond, for Revivify (2 uses)
* 200-gp worth of diamond dust, for Greater Restoration (2 uses)
* 4x 25-gp holy water, for Protection from Evil and Good (4 uses)
* 100-gp worth of powdered silver, for Magic Circle or Ceremony (1-4 uses)
* 100-gp worth of incense, for Divination (4 uses)


In total: 2,600 gp in various materials. This is purchased and I’ve subtracted my gold- I have 2548 gp now and added some notes in Foundry.


Amulet of the Devout is uncommon- I’ve discarded Tankard of Sobriety so I can keep it.


We arrived at the Guild Hall.
Most of us are guild members except for Maxim and Thaddius- they are affiliates. 4 of us arrived by boat (Zinjaro, Aolis, Bramble, Wobbles)


A bird person comes up- the guild leader
We’re led to a quest counter. Two raccoon people are working there.


There are some ruins to the east, but less experienced teams have disappeared there.
We are asked to investigate. Deal with any threat, rescue any from prior teams. Will get a bonus from any we bring back alive.
Area has been quarantined.
Lady Poomf - the guild leader
She’s hoping Maxim will help lead.  


2 groups of 6, guild members
They don’t want us to bring back corpses.
The Masanites did that last time. A colony of Yuan Ti.
The bartender is Yuan Ti- Yiss


600gp advance, we get 100 gp each (Zinjaro has 2648 gp)
We get 2000gp on completion
Any living adventurer/contractor is 50 gp a head


Temple Excavation and Artistic Gallery
* They fund the excavation by showing the art there


We go to the shop, Zinjaro buys 4 Greater Healing Potions, 1 Bag of Holding


We head to the ruins through the quarantine
Guards tell us there are more statues than earlier…


We go down and enter. Wobbles finds a Yuan Ti Abomination.
Zin and Thaddius don't know what that is- it’s a myth.


Some of the statues are made of marble, others are not.
The Yuan Ti Abominations are just stone


Aolis finds a well full of abjuration and transmutation magic
Wobbles touches it and gets poisoned


Most of us start hearing some humming- it’s a bunch of Medusa
We roll for initiative!


Wobbles starts to get petrified by a Medusa


2025-02-06


Wobbles gets petrified.
We kill the Medusae but not before one of them activates one of the Yuan-Ti Abominations.


The fountain starts glowing when they are dead. Zinjaro determines that it is trying to keep up a conjuration of some kind.
We start to attack it.


We break it and the water quickly evaporates. The stone Yuan-Ti crumbled.
There is another fountain but it’s dry, pouring some Holy Water has no effect.
Maximus recalls more of the story about a medusa that petrified a person and a priest heals them.


70% of statues are marble, the other are stone like Wobbles.
Maximus sends a message to Lady Poomf, informing them of the situation.


We take a long rest, sharing some of the rations.
Zinjaro casts Greater Restoration to restore Wobbles.


Zinjaro creates 45 pounds of bananas and 30 gallons of water.
Wobbles roasts them to make them less bland.


2025-02-13


So-Lar wants us to be outside with people having a good time. He has an ex-wife, the Moon goddess. There is also Nelle, an opposite, who is a god of sloth and alcohol.


Maximus investigates the dig site, but doesn’t find anything relevant.
Aolis feels there were some spells cast to move earth.


Lady Poomf meets us at the site.
Says the mayor has not returned from his journey north.


Maximus admits he had left home to get away from his father. Maximus' home is on the way.


The Mayor may have some magical training (not clear what kind)
Mayor Maxwell


Aolis has trouble remembering our names, pretty much only remembers Wobbles.


Lady Poomf takes Maximus aside and appears to be asking him about aspects of him being a changeling. She has seen his past and appears to be threatening them.
Brambleberry and Aolis sneak in to listen in.
Maximus gets hit by a strong psychic blast from Poomf, as a brief threat. Apparently Maxim doesn’t fully remember his past.


Some magic goes off and Aolis gets drawn into view, Brambleberry moves into view even though she could have prevented it. Maxim is grinding his teeth at seeing him. 
Poomf: “Do you find destiny immutable?”


Aolis recognizes that Poomf is an illusion. She starts to dissipate.


Maxim says he is not from this world, Aolis recognizes he is not telling the whole truth. Aolis is suspicious.


We head back to get our pay.
Aolis touches Poomf to make sure she is real, Poomf says friend in a drow dialect of elvish. It’s a drow kids’ ritual of declaring best friends.


Maxim asks about the de-petrification, apparently 6 died because they were shattered. Aolis immediately blames Maxim.


Mayor went to Drakenweld. It would take 2 weeks. Maxim’s home is 1 week.
Raccling person transforms a banana that Wobbles gives him into a muffin. He signs transmutation to Brambleberry (both her and Aolis know common sign language).


We get 333gp each. Zinjaro is now at 2,331gp.


Zinjaro is unable to Create Food of anything that isn’t bananas.
We get some food and drink at the bar.


Journey north will be colder and more sparsely populated.
We started a drinking competition with Dragon Dice.
Wobbles wins by rolling luckily.


Zinjaro buys Brewer’s Supplies to see about learning to make some alcohol. Maxim buys a lute, Thadius buys a fishing pool.
We bought a carriage for Brambleberry to pull. We also buy warm clothes.
Maxim buys a riding horse because he is too noble to walk.


Zinjaro is at 2298gp


2025-02-27


Zinjaro goes to ask Lady Poomf about Scrying or Sending.
The spells have failed to land. Scrying has been incoherent and full of darkness.
Zin knows he is being talked down to, but doesn’t react to it- he chooses not to make a scene.


We head out into the Testro Plains


  



Lots of grasslands
3 main regions:
Trader’s Peninsula- with Helines


River When (left) and River Why (right)
Gulf of How
In River When there is a waystop town


City of Moren is towards the center, where Maxim is from
Lots of smog
In a pass through the mountains. There is a sole mountain in the middle of the pass. This is the Mountain Home Academy of Magic.
They lifted the mountain to the sky. It is chained to the ground as otherwise it would keep flying up.
Magitek style gondolas to fly up and down. The city is built on the crater left behind from the mountain.


Bisect Mountain ranges
Above them is The Wastes
All the castles there are ruins- they have a dragon problem
Remnants of the Great Gate, beyond that is Drakenweld, land of dragons and demons


It’s safe on the roads, but the grasslands may be dangerous though faster
3 days by road to the town by the River When
We’ll get there tomorrow night if we cut through the grassland


Zinjaro helps navigate, Maxim keeps a lookout, Bramble pulls the carriage
Maxim calls Bramble a pony, which annoys her.


Maxim sees two individuals on horses on an intercept course.
They are wearing armor and have weapons. They are maybe a few hundred feet.
Bramble, Zin, and Wobbles hide in the grass. Thaddius fails to hide.
Maxim and Aolis stay visible.


One is a dwarf riding a goat, the other is covered in bones. It’s past noon.
Dwarf has some kind of religious symbol, but neither Aolis nor Maxim know what it is.
He dismounts from the goat which vanishes.
“Lady Everdine would rather you not come back” - Maxim recognizes the name. Someone who tried to have him killed.
At that, Maxim casts Hunger of Hadar psionically (no V/S/M components) and puts the enemies in darkness. 
But it seems the enemies can see through darkness so it’s not as useful. 
Radiance of Dawn would fully dispel Hunger of Hadar so Zin opts not to use it. We hold a bunch of actions and when the bone knight steps out we all unleash into him.


Cliffhanger ending due to technical issues; Aolis is next and they should be able to take care of the bone knight.


2025-03-06


Maxim rummages through the body of the dwarf; Aolis over the bone knight. The bone knight was a walking corpse.


Maxim’s family is involved in manufacturing; heavy machinery. Lady Everdine works in textile and brewing.


We set up camp and Zinjaro brings out the 45 pounds of bananas from Create Food and Water.
Zinjaro tries some brewing but it doesn’t go well. Aolis tries to drink it and throws it back up. Thaddius tries to cook- it also doesn’t go well.


It’s a clear evening, Aolis sets up outside. Thaddius and Aolis take turns watching at night.


One the next day, Maxim finds a note and it blows up on him doing some acid damage. Wobbles is nearby but dodges it.


We find a circle of burnt ground, it seems old but the grass hasn’t grown over it. Brambleberry’s instincts perk up as a ranger- it was caused by some kind of creature.
Aolis recognizes them as drake markings and gets some private insight.


Aolis and Maxim have a private conversation. Apparently he used some kind of illusion? Aolis is still very suspicious of Maxim. Aolis had overhead from Poomf about Maxim being from another time, and may have allegiances to long-dead people. Maxim admits that's not his real name.


Smaller than a town, bigger than a village. The Town on the River When. Aolis picks up some flowers. We go to a tavern.
Liliam (green) and Lithium (red) are twin tieflings that serve us.


We have a round of backstory conversations.
Wobbles is from Drakenweld. Zinjaro came from a small town and heard about a prophecy and decided it was about him. Brambles was told she couldn’t be a rogue, and so she became one out of spite.
Thaddius’ father was a blacksmith and tinkerer. Aolis hasn’t been home in a long time. Maxim is from the past- spent time in another plane unconscious while time passed.


2025-03-13


We take a long rest. There is no coffee- a goliath broke it and they are waiting on a new set from Eastern traders.
We’re pointed to a general store run by a goblin.


Wobbles is color-blind, but buys a blue roc feather- he gives it to Brambleberry. It gives a 20-ft fly speed for 2 rounds.
Maximus considers a ring of spell storing, but it’s 9k.
Zinjaro buys a Potion of Fire Breath.
Thaddius asks about gunpowder and explosions; the goblin gets very excited. He buys some.
Bramble buys some potions.
Wobbles tells Zin about the Alchemy Jug and Zin immediately buys it.
It can make a bunch of liquids, including Beer, Wine, Mayonnaise, Acid, Basic poison, and more.


Zin now has 1517 g


It’s an overcast day that threatens rain.
We head out and reach an apple orchard. 
Wobbles goes to pick one for Bramble. The man’s dog starts to bark at Wobbles.
The man seems nice, he asks if we have time to help with the harvest.
Maxim complains, but is out-voted: we’re helping for a half-day.
Thaddius grabs his hands with mud just to spite him.


Zinjaro has a lot of trouble climbing the tree. He loses consciousness and falls from the tree.
Zinjaro might have a problem with heights, or just with physical labor. Zin is effectively out of it for the day.
The old man is 60 and complains about the young’uns: “They don’t make clerics like they used to.”


We get 4 bushels of apples and a bottle of some kind of wine.


Bramble senses something off about the dog- it’s heavier than it should be. But now they’re gone.
Zin remembers a text about guardians. Some clerics can be assigned a guardian to assist them later in life.


We continue in the evening
Maxim sees a cloud of dust- like a lot of horses are coming our way
It’s 17 knights in full plate. Horses are emaciated, like they have been traveling for days.
The man in front is holding a lance with a banner with words.
“Vengeance is Ours”
We’re in a flat grassland


The knights approach and just thunder past. They don’t even look at us. They appear to be heading to open grassland, not clear why.
We hear the cry of a dragon, but Wobbles can’t identify it.


We make camp, Bramble opens the apple wine.


2025-03-27


Maxim and Aolis take the first watch, they chat. 
Maxim was bred by nefarious people that are long gone. He also doesn’t like poetry. Aolis worries about their heritage.


Some shapes appear in the distance. Maxim telepathically wakes up Zinjaro. He is unarmored due to being sleeping.
It’s an ambush of some kind, but most of us are still asleep.


The fire has gone out so it’s dark. Some of the enemies can see in the dark. The raccoon ones appear to be stealing our stuff.
Zinjaro brings out the Daylight.


One of the bandits runs away with something from Maxim’s ruined tent. Zinjaro’s Wall of Flame burns his own tent; he’s worried about the Alchemy Jug.


Maxim convinces one not to fight, but Aolis Blights him anyways.


Zin loses his tent, cartography supplies, brewers kit, rations, powdered silver.


We continue on and first spot the Mountain (the floating wizard school).
The smog hits us hard (Aolis and Maxim are fine)- it’s bad.
We arrived in the southern part of Moren. This is a lower-class shopping district.


North/South are business and commercial, South is lower-class, North is upper class. West- manufacturing (heavy industry). East- residential. Center is the wizard school and the government of Moren.


  



We look out of place- like fantasy characters in a steampunk setting. 
Most of the people are human. Like 90% human outside of the wizard school.
2025-04-10


Town is ruled by a Mayor, who is also a wizard and Archmagus. “Purely a coincidence”


Tavern to learn local news: Singing Mandrake
We are drawing lots of attention.
We head to the Mandrake to see about selling gear and see if Maxim’s informant is there.


We see a “young child” with a newspaper: Harry Teller
He’s a halfling, but dresses to pass as a child


The weapons we have to sell aren’t that good; may be able to sell as scrap for melting.
Lady Everdine has been quiet; ask inside for Cassie.


Newspaper: 2nd factory on fire today. Acceptable casualties (generally <70, but the papers never report numbers).


On the side, Aolis overhears a conversation with a man (Bob) trying to woo a lady with some pearls. She refuses him. Aolis gives her a ration.


We split the party
Brambleberry, Wobbles, and Maxim go to sell stuff in the cart
Aolis, Thaddius, and Zinjaro go into the Mandrake


At the Mandrake
Lots of drunk people, copper-a-day factory workers
Zinjaro grabs the special: Dirt Water
He downs it and doesn’t throw up, but does not make the save to get anything better- he gets a bottle of something lighter.
Cassie is the bartender


At the Foundry
They sell the swords and bows. Crossbow for 5s. 
They can’t sell the armor since it requires more work.


At the Mandrake
Harry walks to Aolis and talks to her. Mr. Byren Brimstone has caught her attention and has been staring. He carries a satchel of bottles.
Aolis gets a pair of the light bottles and walks closer to Mr. Brimstone.
Brimstone has lots of wine. They start to chat.
He doesn’t give his true name; says it would set the place ablaze.
He says he is a “surveyor”. Critical of the lower peoples.
He offers Aolis a glass of wine. They sip and have a weird moment of fear and then it passes.
Dark Arcane surrounding the Faire? City
He makes weird statements about him and his brethren, how they haven’t been able to achieve what the city has
He casts Dominate Person on a random person in the tavern and goes upstairs. Aolis follows.
He takes off his hat and has horns. He snaps the neck of the random person he has taken. The neck snaps back and she seems to be alive.
Tell me friend: Peep behind the wall? Heard the shadows sing? The demons might prevail? 
Aolis finally realizes she is talking to a demon trying to collect her soul. They were drinking liquid souls.
She casts Message to Thaddius asking for help and Zin and Thaddius rush upstairs. 
The door is locked but Thaddius breaks it open. Aolis has been paralyzed by Hold Person. Brimstone draws something out (her soul?).
The Away crew arrive and don’t know where we are.
Thaddius fires at Brimstone breaking the wall, the noise alerts the away crew.
He pulls out a pocket watch and vanishes.


Aolis is un-paralyzed, they are groggy and can’t remember much. They feel emptier.
Zinjaro doesn’t know much about demons. He knows that they can take souls, but mainly as offered, not taken by force.
A soulless person is still fine, just that if they die they don’t go to the afterlife.


Zinjaro casts Scrying at Brimstone, who fails the save. He is moving. He is corking a bottle which glows a dark purple color. Face with hands that fade into the bottle. 
He is sitting in a carriage. Can’t see outside too well, but see large shadows like buildings. Brimstone appeared happy and excited for the new bottle.
He has a stone in his other hand. “An agreement was necessary reached, but knowing what we know it's better this way. Yes, Mr. Manager”


Scrying for Zinjaro is a small, fist-sized ball that he can look into. It sits in a small magic circle on the floor and he sees and hears through it.


Harry thinks Brimstone may have been responsible for some fires.
Mr. Manager is also known as the Overseer. They are out West.
Sometimes folks North also interact with them, Maxim could use his reputation there as well.


“Demons walk the streets”


2025-04-17


It’s dusk and the bakery may be closed.
We’ll have to visit in the morning.


We go visit Maxim’s home to spend the night there. It’s in the East and a mansion.
A stablehand takes the cart and horses.


Olga the maid
The Master is out, but Mother is home
15-foot ceilings, but very fancy


Mother is a wood elf and very tall, like 7-8 feet. She’s having dinner.
Maxim has been gone a week or so
Maxim has a brother that was sent north to investigate the old forts
Lady Everdine has been having meetings with those “up on the hill” (mage college)
We get served fancy wine and a small banquet


Maxwella - mother’s name
Maxim was going to be named for her, but turns out he wasn’t a girl


A maid brings out a small box with some kind of lamp
From clockworkers
It’s an old-school photography box; Maxwell takes a picture of us at the table
Artificers Clockworkers Guild in North part of town


Wobbles mention his mom tried to eat him
We go upstairs to Maxim’s room
He hides a novel he was working on. It’s about a man who could change shape.


Maxim usher’s us out, but asks Aolis to stay behind. She runs out asking for water instead of spending the night with him.
Aolis ends up in a room with Maxwella who senses something wrong.
Maxwella has had 4 kids
They chat about the demon encounter. It’s possible the demon did not take his soul, but rather his capacity for affection.


Zinjaro asks if Thaddius can make one of those picture boxes.
He’d have to go get a blueprint or spend a lot of time reverse engineering it.


Maxim brings a bedroll down to Aolis and they chat.
He says he can’t feel anything about Maxim, but for everyone else he can.
He explains what Maxwella did and how they may be missing emotions related to Maxim.


Aunt Atil (?) got Maxim his boots of elven kind
Zin asks about a place to perform a ritual spell
The place has a gazebo. And used to have a hedge maze, but Maxim burned it down


Zinjaro starts a ritual: Commune. It’s very simple, he sits in the sunlight cross-legged and meditates, mumbling under his breath.
Has Aolis’ ability to feel emotions been removed? - Not necessarily, but something specific has been stripped away
Soul still fully in their body? Yes
Byren Brimstone, are they currently in the West Side of City Moren? Unclear (maybe they are using an alias)


Maxwella has never met the Overseer, but has heard about them. They usually use intermediaries


2025-04-24


We head to the bakery in the Northern district.
Wobbles stays behind, something in the chateau is calling to him. Zinjaro insight checks him but he is legitimately drawn to something.


We reach a fancy market.
Aolis approaches an exotic fruit market, oranges from Northern Andore, mangoes from Southern Andore. He recognizes them, but hasn’t had them.


The bakery is too small for Brambleberry; she has to stay aside and frequently blocks the door
Zin buys a set of 6 eclairs for 5 gold
Aolis buys 12 fruit tarts (2 varieties)
Maxim buys 6-pack of toaster strudels


Maxwella pings Maxim via message: meeting with Lindsey as soon as possible. Lindsey’s Laundries in the North district


Before that, we head to the artificer guild. Very brass and steampunk-y.
An artificer with the guardian-style armor approaches, recognizing that Thaddius is an artificer.
Thadius has never been thrilled with joining guilds
It would cost 400g for blueprints to the camera so he can make it now.


While we wait for Thadius to copy it, the rest of us are in the lobby. Aolis goes and touches everything. There’s some fancy gear switching diorama mechanism. He touches it and causes it to lock up. Artificers converge to try and fix it.
As they back away, a robot spider of sorts appears to have caught them on camera.


We head to Lindsey’s Laundries
We’re led to a sparse room for a meeting with Lindsey
We’re trying to get in contact with the Overseer
She recognizes the name Byren Brimstone


While we wait, we unlock a door and head downstairs
There are some digital lockboxes. Maxim touches them but they don’t open.
There are some normal looking briefcases that look like they can be switched out as part of some theft.
There is a small library. Most of them are blank, they look like regular books but are made for switch-outs.
Bramble investigates some very fancy items under glass. She picks the lock but finds a trap she can disable. It’s a very fancy crystal, but it’s fake.


Aolis just starts grabbing stuff and gets hit by a poison dart.
Thadius gets hit by a cannonball, Zin dodges it.
A fight is triggered!


2025-05-01


Aolis feels arcane magic and Wobbles teleports in. Some lily flower magic.
Maxim appears to have vanished and the fight turns into a slugfest.


We win the fight but are very wounded. Thadius has gone down but gets stabilized.
Brambleberry and Aolis find some zombies and run away.
More zombies start showing up and we run out.


It’s a bit past noon and the laundry is empty. There are signs of a struggle, as if people were dragged out. 
We chat about Seeming, but can’t cast it.
We decide to head back to the chateau.


2025-05-08


We ask directions and get to the manor.


Lady Maxwella was scrying on us.
Maxim was almost kidnapped; he is unconscious upstairs.


He was snatched by a rival “gang” or group. 
There are several such groups and they aren’t nice to each other.
She had people watching out for this; a fight ensued and her son was recovered.


The Overseer and their contacts are now aware of us and that we are willing to engage in violence.
We should now be considered important enough for them to be paid attention.
She mentions some rumors the poorer folk are being killed but then being brought back to work.


Maxim is woken up and goes downstairs.
We are given supreme healing potions, though Wobbles wanted to save it for later. 
That heals for 10d4+20


Maxim is tired of Lady Everdine interfering. He mentions arson- apparently he had burned a factory, but got caught and had to pay to repair it.
Father is in a conference at the college.


We discuss priorities. Aolis’s emotions are a priority, but so is the guild mission.
Maxim remembers Drakenweld is not known for infrastructure- in a demon war so everything has to be built to be defensible. Recent books refer to a demon war, though we wonder about the dragon situation as well.
Wobbles remember some pact between people and dragons to stop fighting. “The Signing of the Last Clutch”- there were just 2 dragons left when it was agreed to stop fighting


Maxwella gets a letter inviting them to a party, including the “violent adventures” in her employ
The Overseer is holding a gala and we are invited


Aolis is the son of an elder Matriarch, basically a prince. They would have gone to many galas.


The gala is in 2 days. Maxwella allows us to stay here until then. 
We may want to get appropriate clothing.


Downtime!
https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/dnd/xgte/downtime-revisited#ExampleDowntimeActivities 


Maxim works a bit on his father’s business. He has some assets he could use in the future.
Bramble, Wobbles relax
Zinjaro goes gambling, earning an additional 50g from his initial 100g bet. One of those he bet against is not excited at losing- a noble is pissed and will get revenge at some point. Zinjaro will be wearing religious clothing to make it obvious he’s a cleric of Solar. It’s a white suit with lots of yellow/orange highlights and a yellow bowtie.
Thadius works on building his artificer camera and manages to complete it.
Aolis goes training to become proficient in Athletics.


Early end, but we level up to 10!
Next episode after gala may be a boss fight


2025-05-15


While we had been fighting in the laundry room, Wobbles found a dragon egg- crystalline.
Maxwella, when she was young, had made a deal with a dragon to take care of their eggs. It’s the only one that seems viable now. She asks Wobbles to take the egg home.
She will teleport Wobbles, but doesn’t know the exact location.
We will be getting a replacement team member.


There are rumors the Overseer may be at the gala. Likely they are hosting the event.
Seems random, impromptu gala. We think it might be a trap.


Being held at the Cathedral, in the rich quarter (East)


Ogra Oaksworn 
Path of the World Tree
He’s an 8 foot tall bear
He came prepared with a tuxedo
Been in the guild since 6. Village has a tradition of sending kids to the guild to help others.
We introduce ourselves to Ogra


Zinjaro creates Goodberries to share. They are banana berries.


On the way to the gala, Zinjaro casts comprehend languages.
Thadius prepares some infusions (repeating shot, enhanced defense, homunculus servant). He gives Boots of the Winding Path to Aolis.


We arrive at the Cathedral where the gala is going to be held.
We check in weapons. Zinjaro can’t smuggle the quarterstaff- they know how it can be used.
Our armor is smuggled in by Maxwella


Lady Novara Kavash, foreign woman from Drakenweld. She’s chatting with Maxwella.
Ore contact for Maxim’s family.
Zinjaro goes to have wine. Aolis and Maxim debate how to get more information.


Brambleberry gets invited to dance. Her partner tells her the Overseer is ready to talk to us upstairs whenever we want. He hands her over to Ogra who manages to dance well enough.


2025-05-22


On the balcony level, a box is dropped by a dwarven fellow. It has all our stuff and we get prepared.
We head upstairs, we ride an elevator.


There are many ballerina dancers. Overseeing them is Byron Brimstone.
The dancers are all in perfect unison.


He says he doesn’t have what he took and says it’s complicated.
Maxim introduces himself
There are sounds of chains, like wooden puppets.


An individual with black cloak descends. They are large with a cloak that extends to the ceiling.
Six sets of arms appear from the cloak, centipede-like.
This is the Overseer.
“Not who I expected” He seems to swing from the ceiling.


Fight time!


The Overseer draws a quill and some multi-color inks.
He makes everyone but Zinjaro sad (move at half speed, can only take a single action/bonus action)
(Aolis is immune to the sadness)


2025-05-29


The fight continues.
The on-going Calm Emotions that Zinjaro had cast helps us resist a charm effect to make us dance with new marionettes that have appeared.


When Ogra removes the Overseer’s temp HP, it zooms up to the ceiling snapping its cords and falls as a much larger enemy- an abandoned mind. Too many hands, no legs (like a centipede), bleeding blood and oil.
Zinjaro gets hit and starts bleeding, 1d6 at the start of each turn (stacking) until medicine action check or magical healing.


Aolis gets hooked, but not pulled in.


Hypersonic discombobulation is an aoe CON save that deafens and stuns if we fail.


We finish the fight! As he dies, he fires off a Disintegrate but hits the wall.
A black metal cube falls from the Overseer’s body….


We are now known as The Band of Violent Miscreants


2025-06-05


Byren has nothing of value in his corpse.


Ogra touches the metal cube from the Overseer- it snaps open and a screen shows up
It is a Porta Fabricator Mark 4!
Ogra tries random numbers and it keeps beeping. We need a password for it.
It retracts and Ogra stores it.


Thadius examines it. It’s a cube, as a human you need two hands to lift it. Solid black material. Polished very smooth. No visible hinge.


Maxim knows what it is and has used it before.


We head downstairs, things are pretty normal- the music covered the noise of battle.
Maxim dances with her mom and communicates the news of Byren’s and the Overseer’s death telepathically.
Zinjaro downs some wine quickly as the group heads out.


There are no more snacks. Aolis is super sad.


We return to Maxim’s manor and we Aolis’s gets some finger foods. Two servants are behind Aolis constantly replenishing their plates.


We discuss the consequences of Overseer’s death. Seems like Maxwella wants to fill in some of what they did. There would be conflict if they try to do everything, though.


Some people may have seen us go upstairs, though they may have been drunk. Not clear if there will be consequences of that.


Things will be about the same for the common folk. Zinjaro shows some concern and while Maxim says people are free to leave, it’s clear not many do.


There’s no relationship between Mayor Maxwell and Lady Maxwella. There is some trade, but not really her business.


Ogra is happy with how the battle went.
We split up to take a rest. Maxim and Aolis to Maxim’s bedroom. Maxwella and Thadius head to the den, the others to the upstairs room.


Privately, Maxim and Aolis have a chat. Her love emotion has returned. They kiss and continue to chat.
Maxim reveals his changeling form.
He was “Number Nine” in a series of test subjects; it’s where he got his psychic powers. His goal was to come to this time period and take positions of power along with his people, but he has found none of these people. They abused him and his siblings so he doesn’t care about that anymore.
He admits he killed the real Maxim when he was 12 and took his place. Maxim looks down shamefully as Aolis says he still loves him.
Aolis is shocked, but understanding and sees the good in him.
We fade to black.


While sleeping, Maxim experiences sharp pain and paralysis.
Aolis awakes to a very familiar voice.
There is a small clap. The right hand of his mother is here. 
“How very drow of you, Arete. It is your name chosen by the matron mother. Are you coming with us quietly?”
There is a male drow behind Maxim with a knife to his neck.
Far away from a warren or foxhole (not sure what that means)
“Gregory” thought they would be harder to find.
“Flesh changers are enjoying his addition to the pits”
Aolis is the heir and “mother misses you oh so much”.
“Can I at least say goodbye?”


Aolis hands Maxim his sensory stone but as they do, the door flings open and Maxwella walks in. She casts Banishment at 9th level, most of the drow vanish.
She flicks her wrist and Maxim is no longer paralyzed. She orders the matron mother (a title, not Aolis’s real mother) out. Maxim tries to cast a Psychic Lance but she resits.
The Drow matron mother casts some weird spell and vanishes.
The other drow do not return having been banished enough time.


Aolis sinks to the floor and starts hyperventilating. 
Aolis’ secrets are catching up to them. They are the child of the matron, the ruler of the drow. He didn’t want any part of that and left.


Thadius tinkers with the cube and manages to figure out the password. It’s meant to connect to a larger device but not sure what.


The sensory stone has senses of Aolis’s home: confusion, cruelty, anger, and shame.


We all go down and have breakfast and talk about the upcoming journey. Thadius has cooking tools so we should buy meal ingredients.


Thadius produces the cube and starts it up. He uses the single profile- admin. It has a list of recipes and has 500 material scrap.


Maxim says he knows about the cube, Zinjaro senses there’s more to the story. He saves this information for later.


2025-06-12


We set off north towards Drakenweld.
The gates to the north are heavily fortified against dragon attacks. It’s made of steel and stone. It’s one of the largest buildings in the city.


We leave via a smaller door in the gates.
We are in the Wastes, a mainly depopulated region between the mountains. There are lots of abandoned castle ruins due to the dragons. Only Moren remains because of the wizards (and the gates).


There is a pass through the Drakenweld mountains.
There used to be a dragon problem but there is a Treaty with them.
A giant gate opened up and demons came out. Now it has a demon problem. The only reason we know about the portal is because a dragon flew there, came back, and in its dying breath told others about it.


There are two big keeps by the pass that predate civilization. They are newer than Maxim, but older than everything else. They are known as the Gates.


Scouting report says undead have been spotted in the Wastes


We set up camp. It’s probably going to take 4-6 days to get to the Gates. 
Maxim continuously changes the color of the campfire.


In the first watch, Maxim and Thadius see a glass dome with an hourglass inside. They touch it and the hourglass turns. A rune appears and metal items come out- necklaces, rings, etc. These trinkets appear generally broken and worthless.
The rune gets larger and angry red as the sand falls from the hourglass. The glass dome is stuck to the ground so they can’t reach the hourglass.
The rune is that of an explosion, the larger- the bigger the area of the explosion. Maxim gets the feeling one of the trinkets resonates with the rune. They both find it in unison with double natural 20s.
The sand stops (the hourglass is on its side). The glass dome, rune, and trinket dissolve. 
It’s a largish hourglass; designed to count for 8 minutes.
It doesn’t appear to be magical in and of itself, but is made of gold. Worth 2400 gp. The sand itself might have more gold. Maxim stores it in his bag of holding.


Aolis and Zinjaro take the second watch.
We notice floating lights about 3 feet from the ground. We hear soft music.
As they get closer, they appear to bounce. They seem to be spore-like.
There are 3 and they appear to move around the campfire.
They are not magical or fae. They try to make Zinjaro to sleep but he’s able to resist (Aolis is immune to sleep).
Aolis reaches out and it feels like a mushroom. They are big, the size of a torso.
We leave them alone and nothing happens.


After a few days of travel we reach the Gates and it starts getting cold.
There is astone road a bit farther on.


It starts pouring rain so we head inside of the left keep of the Gates to shelter for the night. It’s massive, but ruined.
There are some tattered banners. Aolis guesses they are from old kingdoms that no longer exist.


Zinjaro summons an Arcane Eye to help them navigate the ruins.
He finds a campsite with some people around it.
Maxim steps up and greets them.
5 women: 2 Humans, tiefling(?), a halfling-sized doll, a satyr(?)
Maggie (Margarite)
Melody, Taylor, Wendy, doll is Lavalore (Lavy)
They’re not with the guild but heading north. They are looking for something but don’t want to get into it.
They met some hostile ghouls that looked normal but then became horrific.
Zin gets handed a blackberry goodberry, but he is disappointed it's not a banana.


Aolis has forgotten about the drow attack and does not tell the rest of the party.


We’re warned ghouls are upstairs. The door is barricaded. There is another room that has a bound ghost in there.


Thadius takes out his tinkers’ tools and makes some stone bowls for the stew.


There was a bit of a joke about Maxim going to a doctor's office full of monkeys and Zinjaro remarked and made it sound like his mother is a doctor. This could be something to lean into for backstory. 


2025-06-19


They say the ghoul upstairs is some kind of pseudo-lich, much more powerful.


Taylor, the cleric, comes to talk to Zinjaro. She is a satyr.
Lady Nora - goddess of trickery and the night, maybe isn’t a god? A cult of personality? Her followers like to keep it vague.
They bullshit about religion while getting drunk on wine from the alchemy jug. We finish the gallon of wine but end up fine, only a little buzzed.


Zinjaro casts Death Ward on Aolis just in case, though they are technically tankier than Maxim.
Maxim and Aolis are sharing damage due to the bonding rings.


Maxim and Margaret take the first watch.
Lavelor casts a Leomond’s Tiny Hut for their team.


Aolis hasn’t told the team yet about the drow attack.


Maxim and Maggie talk a bit about their journey. He mentions Wobbles and she guesses he’s a kobold. 
She’s been to Drakenweld. She tells us it’s very cold, rocky soil but very snowy.


Light- the great city, built back during the dragon wars. East after the fork north of the pass. The west fork likely goes to the demon portal. 
She admits they’re looking for someone over something.
Maxim and Maggie play some dice games.


They start hearing a banging from the door as the barricade starts to break.
A fight ensues against 4 ghasts.


Maggie is wielding ancient tech- a phase knife
Wendy rages and essentially turns into a wendigo.
Taylor is a twilight domain cleric and uses Turn Undead.


We win the fight, but Maxim wanders north and triggers another group of undead to hit us.


As a note, Taylor has used channel divinity Twilight Sanctuary which pushes out temp HP at the end of player turns. I’ll have to remind the DM about this. We can take the average of 1d6 + 11 which is 14.


2025-06-26


We continue the fight against the zombies.
Two ghosts ambush us from behind.
One of them possesses Ogra, which is bad news for us.


Then a basilisk appeared! If we look at it we’ll get petrified.
Taylor looks at the basilisk and gets turned to stone with a natural 1.


Turn undead is able to clear the possession.
We win the fight and Zinjaro is able to use Greater Restoration to unpetrify Taylor.


We use the ghast/zombie bodies to make a barricade against further basilisk incursions.
We hear some snapping noises on the other side of the barricade and head to a smaller side room.
We resume our long rest.


We conclude our long rest and then chat about what to do. 
We decide to stay and try to clear out the pseudo-lich


We head to a room in the north and see some burning skeletons and floating skulls.
Maxim casts a transmuted Wall of Fire (that deals cold damage instead) and Aolis uses Tidal Wave for more damage.


We clean up the skeletons without too much trouble, but still are looking for the pseudo-lich.


2025-07-03


We continue exploring the keep. Ogra and Melody get paralyzed by Hold Person as they explore a room. We go in to fight some wights and a flaming skull. We clear them out.


We keep exploring and eventually find a lich-like figure in a throne room. He gestures us in and the door locks behind us.
He hasn't ascended to lich yet. He says it's his keep.


Bo- name of the creature next to the lich
The other keep has poisoned water and is not good for living things.
(Zinjaro had asked if he would give his keep to us)


He wants to pit us against some creature and will reward us if we win.
He seems to be honest about us being allowed to leave if we don’t agree to fight.
We file out to a room overlooking the garden where some basilisks are (they are ushered away).


A giant skeleton fellow shows up. That’s who we are meant to fight.
Lich fellow wants to call it Greg.
He tosses a bag of 15 coins to Brambleberry. These are very old coins- dracoshillings. Diamond dracoshillings, the largest denomination. The first currency used in Drakenweld.
They are 50 gold-worth of diamonds each, but to a collector they would be worth a ton more. They are very rare.


He has a lot more coin to offer if we fight.
Maxim wants to make an ally of him and even wants to help him attain lichdom. The two clerics are strongly opposed.


We want to call the lich Paul since he won’t tell us his name. He doesn’t like it.


Nashan - the knight with the lich


We are in agreement- we will fight Greg for the rewards.
To even the fight, Nashan will fight with Greg but not kill us. He is very loyal and unkillable.


2025-07-10


We take a short rest.
Thadius, with Taylor’s help, fries up some hand bread with fruits and berries.
We all get inspiration.


We go to the courtyard. There is a pool of green water.
It is daytime and raining lightly.


We fight the big guy (Boneclaw, aka Grfeg) and the Death Knight (Nashan)
We’re able to knock down and incapacitate them, which makes the fight easier.


We win the fight!
The neophyte lich owner shows up, taking notes about the monster design.
The Death Knight rises again at a snap of the lich’s fingers.


The neophyte tosses 15 more coins to Maxim.


Maxim asks about making a deal, but Zinjaro objects to further agreements.
He says we have a place to stay if we need it here in the servants quarters and says if we had extra bodies that he’ll take them (to make more undead).


We head out in the morning and reach the region of Drakenweld.
We each get 3 diamond dracoshillings.
Zinjaro offers to carry them, but no one really takes the offer except for Ogra.
We bring out the winter clothes.


Drakenweld just has about 2 months of growing season, it’s about to start soon. The big city in the map is called Light. The first and last city. It’s known by many names (Austere, the Bastion)


2025-07-17


The cold is very abrupt, almost like we crossed some line.


We reach a keep almost immediately past the gates. It’s like a border crossing with security lines.
Brambleberry knows there is an underground trade to get people out of Drakenweld, but nothing about getting stuff in.
B-team says anything demonic could be problematic, but we don’t have anything like that.


Ogra and Zin take the shorter line, but a person in front is causing trouble. The rest are in the cart-lane.
B-team sticks together.


Ogra has an idea- let’s blame the person causing the trouble of demonic influence. It works! The guards come up to apprehend the person, snapping his arms as they arrest him.
The whole process slows down as one of the lanes is closed as the guard had to take the person away.
It takes a few hours.


One of the soldiers (the anime girl), has a sigil of a “childer god”- The childer of the Moon: Luna. (a lesser version of the god of the moon)
Goddess of moonlight
The rest of our team is shepherded to the front, at many complaints from the others. We’re asked to show our guild credentials.
Our stuff is examined.


Turns out we were expected. Lady Poomf had sent word
Lady Alisha Tower, daughter of Elizabeth Tower, granddaughter of Margaret Tower.
The Towers are the high-lords of the city; the emperors. She’s basically a princess.
Zin asks about Poomf had said about us, specifically curious if it mentioned Woobles who is gone.
She starts saying “dracling”, but changes to kobold. Aolis catches that it’s a different language, some of us notice. It’s likely not offensive, just a drakenweld term.
She whistles and a big horse comes for her to ride.
Apparently the snow is bad enough that big horses are needed.


Maxim rides back to say goodbye to B-team. They intend to go north of the fork. Meeting someone who may not be pleased to see them.


Maxim talks to Alisha.
Alisha is not where she wants to be- she wants to be on the lines to fight the threats, but it would be “improper” for a lady of her station.


She has something important to give Aolis when we make camp.
Zinjaro uses Wall of Fire to clear out some of the snow when we make camp.


Maxim asks about the demons and dragons.
Spider Mountains- last place the dragons have been seen
It’s not a winning war, the demons are infinite.


Thadius and Alisha are roasting some meat. She doesn’t know what bananas are when Zin offers some!
Maxim plays with the fire making waves.


Alisha gives Aolis a scrollcase.
A strange drow-man came to the border asking for Aolis, gave the scrollcase to give to them.
Two sheets of paper, a small amulet, a coin.
Amulet: inky black metal, a brooch of a spider with limbs curled, symbol of Lolth
Coin- sapphire, stamped with visage of Aolis’s Mother on one side and the younger Aolis on the other (more feminine). It’s the equivalent of a silver piece in their home. It looks recently minted.
Paper- “I hope this letter and the contents finds you safe. I don’t know if I can trust the woman who calls herself Tower. I do not know your state nor how this letter will find you, but hope you are safe … (more text)” Something about being captured. The brooch is Aolis’s and a gift from her sister. The coin is the last thing from their home. From: Mikel


Aolis returns to the group after reading the papers, Maxim catches that something is wrong. They don’t offer up anything, just says they are OK.
First watch: Zin, Ogra, Alisha
Second watch: Aolis and Maxim


The moonlight is particularly strong.
There’s some crunching snow noises but none of us really can tell what it is. Zin feels something on their back- it’s some big direwolves.
Alisha begins talking in another language, Zinjaro uses his helm of Comprehending Languages. It’s like the rough aggressive tones of Russian but the cadence of Spanish.
“Hold Frostwarden. There is nothing here for you. The front is that way.” She’s able to call them down and they go out into the darkness. Frost wolves are ravenous creatures.


Maxim and Aolis talk telepathically about what she received.
Mikel was an outrider that helped Aolis escape. He believes he may have been captured.
Seems his Mother will not let Aolis go and will continue hunting them. 
He worries about putting the party in danger.
They talk about Maxim potentially taking his place with his abilities, but Aolis will only consider it as a last resort. Aolis decides to tell them in the morning.
It starts to snow lightly.


2025-07-24


Aolis reveals that she is being hunted by drow.
Matriarchial society; worship Lloth the Spider Goddess.
Aolis is the firstborn to a Mother Matron. They ran away and were being hunted. They don’t want to be the heir and enslaved by Lloth. 
Driders (half-spider) are not well regarded, and it’s a curse to be converted to one. That is Aolis’s fate if they were to return.


Aolis has protection from another drow goddess: Elistrae, drow goddess of the moon.
We reassure them that they are safe with us.


Ogra reveres the World Tree in their home.
Maxim asks about the dracoshillings. She mentions there is an elf that may be interested in them in the city.


On the road we encounter a broken down cart and a pair of people arguing. The woman says something spooked the horse and it hit the rock. On investigation, it looks like it's fake- the rock has wood but it looks like it was placed; not an accident.


It’s a trap! We’re ambushed by demons.
They refer to Alisha as the “Slayer”
Maxim summons a Mind Flayer to help even the fight.


2025-07-31


We win the fight. 
The horse is dead and the cart has been here for a long time.


These attacks are not that common east of the Line
Maxim brags about summoning a Mind Flayer and Alisha warns him about it
As we leave, the corpses start to bubble as if boiling.


Alisha points out some features in a map
The Fork. If you go west, 2-3 days before you reach the encampments of the battle line
Demons have been gaining advantage, they don’t suffer from the terrain and corrupt it when they die.


The Fork is a small waystation. 4 buildings and an inn.
West used to be the road to Sevona, the 2nd greatest city. This was the nexus point for the incursion.


We get rooms at the inn, Alisha breaks off to talk to some military folks there.
Thadius spends some time crafting some bombs using his nitroglycerin.


We go through a mountain pass
Aolis and Brambleberry hear some words in the wind. Brambleberry can make some of them out: stuck, trapped, help
It’s coming from one of the cracks in the wall


Aolis and Zinjaro investigate. Aolis Dimension Doors to the other side
There is a large gaping hole. We cannot see the bottom but the voices come from there.
Zinjaro casts Arcane Eye to see down there.
He sees a pool of water. There appears to be a younger boy in the water, 10-12 years old.
Maxim hands over some rope and holds on to the grappling hook end.


Aolis goes down. The team reminds Zinjaro of the time he fell off an apple tree. He stays up holding the rope.
He starts the climb down fine, but eventually falls down into the water. 
The water is oddly warm, and salty.
It appears to open to an underwater cavern which leads further down.


The kid looks emaciated, very frail. Aolis Dimension Doors out with the kid outside the cavern.
Zinjaro is helped out of the cavern- he has to take off his armor to squeeze through.


The kid is probably just dehydrated and malnourished.
His eyes have deep yellow streaks from eye ducts. Maybe an infection?
Zinjaro looks at it. Seems infected. The left eye appears partially decayed. He has no right eye.


“Was playing with Michael. Said he knew a cool thing near the hills”
We fell in. Screamed for hours. Michael said he found something, but he’s gone now.
He lived in a little village by the mountains. Soldiers said it was dangerous so they moved to the village. The mom did not survive. It was just uncle and him.


Alisha casts Detect Poison and Disease to ascertain the nature of the infection. We use water from the Alchemy Jug to help clean the wound.


His name is Tommy.
Aolis and Zinjaro are helping clean the wound, but Zinjaro can’t keep his breakfast down because it looks disturbing.


2025-08-07


We get to the city and the walls are massive.
We arrive at the gates at dusk.


Alisha is of a sect that believes Luna to be a silent observer to your eventual death.
The other sect is the Guardian of Night, which is a nicer interpretation of Luna.


The city is crowded with lots of people.
There are staircases to go through the levels.
The buildings tend to be connected with walkways.
There are heaters out in the streets- these are powered by geothermal. There are geysers under the city.


We make a detour to a bakery
Thadius wants to go to the Artificers guild.
There is no adventurer’s guild.
Violence is not welcome in the city and they don’t want non-military folks coming to the city.


Alisha stays outside with Bramble and Ogra.
An elderly cat lady is running the bakery.
She makes 17 fresh steamed pork buns.
She also gives us 3 cream-filled donuts and a churro.
We also get hot, spiced mulled wine. All for 8g.


She says Alisha is forgiven and can come in.
Aolis bursts outside asking what she did.
Alisha was younger. Her mother wanted her to mingle with common folk. She did some apprentice work for Miss Meow.
Helped make pork buns but mixed ingredients. Mistook spice and berry; added nightingale to the seasoning. No one died.


The upper level has large guild houses and manors.
We go to the Artificer’s Guild. It’s like an extradimensional space of workshops and merchants of all sorts.
Thadius ties up Aolis to keep them from wandering too far.
Inside it’s ~6 stories high. They are building some kind of ship.
Thadius wants to make shotgun gauntlets.


Aolis convinces Bramble to give them a knife for a donut. Thadius notices Aolis cutting the rope. Thadius threatens to turn him into a backpack. Brambleberry laughs, eating the donut.
While trying to tie her up, Aolis laughs and slips away (getting a little help from Zinjaro).
Thadius warns the other artificers; they say they know of what happened last time.


Aolis wanders around looking for things. Maxim joins.
“Companion Containment”- name of the store. It’s a bunch of fidget toys and such.
Maxim sees the store is a magical trap. An artificer walks by and explains the barrier and how it is used to contain over-eager folks.


Thadius and the rest go up to Ballistics.
Lots of people are shooting, but there are silencing spells around.
Thadius will stay behind to work on their weapon.


The rest of us are led to where Aolis is contained.
He didn’t break anything, so he gets to keep one thing. 
It’s a ring with fidget gears.


Madam Onsens Home for the Family of Drafted Parents
A nun answers the door and we hand over Tommy
She doesn’t initially want to take him, but Alisha suggests donations will be forthcoming.


We head to the castle and are let in.
Apparently the queen will be upset at Alisha but she’s asleep so we’ll be resting in the evening and deal with her in the morning.
2025-08-14


We wake up in the morning in a castle room
In walks an elf-looking person. She speaks in elvish and asks for us to follow. Maxim is naked in the bath by the window.


The elf person is tall, but just shy of Ogra. She has a long, spindly sword. Her helmet has no eye slits.


Alisha Tower, the princess, is also accompanying us to the throne room.
At the throne is an older woman, mid-late 50s.
She is pleased when Maxim bows.


Brambleberry and Zinjaro notice a death glare to Alicia as she welcomes us (Alisha is used to it). The Queen isn’t particularly pleased that we hosted.


Maxim asks about Mayor Maxwell. We’re told he did not come to the palace.
Aolis asks for resources, but pretending not to be of the nobility.


We’re not granted leave to explore the castle and keep using the room. The Queen wants us out to talk to Alisha.
We are ushered to a dining room and fed. Aolis and Bramble attempt to eavesdrop. The Queen is reprimanding Alisha, she was supposed to have arrived hours ago, we days ago, etc etc.
Bramble hears more: Alisha wants to be on the frontline and the Queen doesn’t want that- she wants her to take her place. “Why are you so much like him?” “Because he’s where we should be”


A swift movement and the sound of blunt metal hitting flesh.
Aolis hears this, slams the door open, and bursts into the room.
Everything appears fine…
Aolis asks for the bathroom to cover up and Alisha leads her away.


There is a tall elvish man with a black cloak with stars. Some kind of tutor to Alisha.
In the bathroom, Aolis and Alisha talk. She claims nothing happened, but Aolis notices blood read flecks in her hair.
Alisha declines wine in the morning saying she has to attend her lessons.


Zinjaro asks about the plans and asks the nobles if they’ve seen the mayor. Ogra asks about informants: there is an underground network of informants.
Zinjaro suggests making fliers. Maxim makes an illusion and Zinjaro uses scrying.
Zinjaro sees a snowy field but the connection is severed. He could be underground or anywhere.


Professor Namthyis Au’ren- the elf tutor
Aolis recognizes this as a very old name- “Of the Stars”
The Professor guesses that Maxim and Aolis are sorcerers and Zinjaro is a cleric of Sol’Ar


Alisha is to study astronomy
As Professor and Alisha leave, he drops down a note with arcane symbols by Maxim.
¾ complete: “Add Fire”
Aolis goes to the brazier and hovers it over the fire
Letters start to appear: “I have a contact in the underground network, your rogue individual can likely also find them. Mention: The Professor’s Novel”


We head to town to the Artificer’s Guild to pick up Thadius.
He had finished crafting some shotgun knuckles.
It has a pair of fire cartridges, but can craft different types on a rest.


Maxim asks Bramble about centaurs
Centaurs live in Testro Plains and Imperial Steppes
He also brings up changelings and them being fey


We head to the lowest level and Bramble asks around- she gets a hit. 
There is a little racoon guy. She asks about Mayor Maxwell.
He knows him, but he hasn’t entered town. He uses a magic tablet to communicate with others.
Sounds like he went west instead of east at the fork.
He asks for a favor- to check out some of his folk out west. He gives Bramble a smooth stone with 2 indents- one red, one green. It’s a one-way signal stone: green is guys are there, red is guys are not there.


2025-08-21


We buy some supplies
Zinjaro buys 300g diamond dust
Maxim buys a big tent
Aolis buys treated wood


We decided to go by the road down to the fork.
We set up camp, Maxim makes the fire purple. Maxim gets naked to shock us.
Thadius and Ogra gets first watch, Aolis gets second


During Aolis’ shift a man and woman with wyvern mounts approaches the tent. They claim they are running away, a “field trip”
It’s Alisha and the Professor!


Aolis invites them inside. Chat a bit about learning from experience.
Aolis starts to panic- He Knows. He asks how long it has been since they left. He knows their name- Arete.
He says he received a sending from her Mother, but he told her he hadn’t seen Aolis.


Aolis wakes up Maxim, he makes a bit of a scene before getting dressed.
Maxim asks about the dracoshillings. The Professor says it's very old, likely from the founding of the city. Would need to find a collector, but likely not in Drakenweld. Maybe in Moren?


The Professor says in an old drow dialect: “Her eyes are always watching. Always make them blind”. The Professor rides away.


Alisha asks if they fuck, comments on the lack of private rooms for the hot tent.
Alisha prepares breakfast and announces she will be joining us.


Alisha tells us about a shortcut through the tundra. 
Subterranean waterways maintained by the roguish types.
Alisha leads us back north and into the tundra to reach these waterways.


Maxim asks Alisha about her plans to govern. She doesn’t care- more worried about the current war.


There may be a leader to the demons now, but haven’t been able to confirm.


While we walk through the snow we see a big creature. A large snake woman with 6 arms and a blade in each- a Marilith. She challenges Alisha and we start prepping for battle.


Zinjaro summons a Celestial Defender- an ape-like angel with wings. 
Next session it will take a bonus action to attack.


Homework: What is my character’s most traumatic memory?
There will be content warnings with a way to let the DM know to skip things


2025-08-28


We continue our fight against the Marilith.
She summons a pair of Hezrou- froglike demons to even the fight.


Alisha smites the Marilith demons.
We take care of the demons and they flake away to dust.


Alisha mentions has seen that demon twice in the past year. She mentions they are being re-summoned faster


The Indomatous (?)-- giant ship being constructed by the artificers
We continue to the cave so we can reach the waterways.


We reach the waterway, there is a ship and a lot of blood and bodies.
The corpses have been dead for maybe a week, some of them half-eaten, especially if close to the water.


Brambleberry presses the red button to signal the other rogues and discards the stone. This was a favor for a favor.


Zinjaro uses Divine Intervention to cast Raise Dead and revive an eladrin that doesn’t look as badly mangled as the others.
He tries to grab a crossbow bolt, but we prevent him. He collapses and starts crying.
He tries to bash his own head but we stop him.


Maxim telepathically communicates but all he hears is screaming.
Zin attempts to heal him but he still clutches his side (likely has some body parts missing). He mutters “the screams”
We leave him alone.


Maxim scavenges around the boxes; finds some whiskey.
Boxes with coiled serpent symbols are accounted for and we shouldn’t touch them. Fortunately, this one hasn’t been marked.


This is the Godsway- the waterways underneath the tundra
In the past it was said Drakenweld had rivers of magic. The Godsway is the place where the veil between realms of man and gods are the thinnest.


We discussed whether it’s safer to rest on the boat than on land where all the people died. 
We get on the boat and get on the way.
The water glows with bioluminescence.


Something draws Aolis to the edge of the boat… some distant memories…
She remembers the escape from the house.
Nemill - helped them escape
15 at the start of the escape, 3 at the end. The others were picked off by driders. One separates out and faces the driders to give them more time. It’s just Nemill and Aolis now.
The drider makes short work of him and continues the pursuit.
They see the boat in the distance, but Aolis trips and falls.
Nemill raises her up and tells her to go to the boat. He goes off to face the drider to give her time. She reaches the boats and hears the screams as the driders kill Nemill.
Her vision returns to the Godsway. She hears what sounds like a faint chuckle.


2025-09-04


Maxim looks over the water and hears a chuckle.
Maxim finds himself in a memory of his childhood. He is in a school with electrified cages for cloned children.
A loudspeaker announced “Begin Test 4. Only 2 children from each group are walking away.” One of the kids, the girl “number 2”, asks what is going on. The kids are confused and so is Maxim.
One of the kids complains but gets too close to the fence and is electrocuted to death.
The loudspeaker announces they have 20 minutes and fighting breaks out as the kids start killing each other.
Maxim grapples the kid next to him and immolates him with fire.


He hears: “Perfect” and the vision returns to the boat in the Godsway.
The past is never the past, it isn’t gone yet.
Alisha recommends not looking into the water as Maxim snaps at her.


We are on fresh water. 
Alisha gets close to the mast and scratches something with her knife- she’s doing a prayer to her god.
Zinjaro decides to do similar- he uses the Alchemy Jug to pour out a gallon of wine. He says a few words but otherwise relaxes quietly.


A fire lizard shows up and Zinjaro offers him wine even though he doesn’t initially recognize him.
He chats like he knows Zinjaro- it’s Sol’Ar! Zinjaro is super excited, he speaks so much more clearly and looks amazing as a lizard.
Sol’Ar talks about how hard it sometimes is to reach the material world.
He notices Alisha but says that’s not Luna she’s praying to- it’s all cold.
He touches Zinjaro’s holy symbol and it grows warm. He downs half the alchemy job and disappears.
Zinjaro grows more powerful and receives “The Solar Gift”. He is now immune to the Frightened condition.


  



Zinjaro wanders close to Alisha to look at the symbol she is praying to.
The symbol is very plain, almost fake. It’s made of silver, but like it was made hastily.
Ogra wanders over and Zinjaro offers him wine and bananas.
He tells him his suspicion that Alisha isn’t praying to Luna.


We fade to another memory.
We see corpses of humans and demons.
Alisha is in the field, she is covered in blood. Her father is beside her. 
“That could have gone better. But we’re alive and that’s what matters.”
A dragon descends down to the battlefield.
They are confused: “They corrupted a dragon?!”
Her father sends her back to camp. His name is Arvin the Dragonslayer. He clicks his boots and flies to the air. 
Alisha runs back to camp. A figure appears beside her, offering everything she wants as long as she swears.
Alisha sees her father swallowed whole. She takes a moment, and swears on everything. “Give me the power and I’ll rip every demon until the princes of Hell are before me.” Her brunette hair turns blonde.
The dragon flies away as does the woman. She cries as the weight of her oath dawns on her.


Ogra and Brambleberry sense the ship grazed something; something big. Ogra sees a large dark shadow under the boat- it’s bigger than the boat. The shadow seems to be going in the same direction as the ship.


Alisha goes to the front of the ship and calls Aolis over. They see a drow in the water that drifts closer. Aolis recognizes them but says we shouldn’t help them. Towards the back of the ship, another figure appears- a little girl (number 2). It drifts away.


The ship stops and we all notice the shadow underneath getting larger.
Alisha’s dad appears in the water and tells her everything will be fine soon.
The monster emerges from the water- it’s a Nightmare Hydra.
We make wisdom saving throws against a type of fear effect (which is not the same as frightened). Only Thadius and Zinjaro make the check (Zinjaro feels a lizard hand, saying “I told you I got you”), everyone else has Absolute Terror.


Absolute Terror- incapacitated, for each round you need to make a WIS saving throw. Continuing to fail means you start taking psychic damage. An ally can use an action to try to snap them out of them (Persuasion/Intimidation), reducing the number of stacks of AT.


It’s boss fight time!


  





2025-09-11


The Hydra’s heads move in and transform into various things- the drow from Aolis’s backstory, Number Two from Maxim’s, some carrion creature that may be related to Brambleberry, Arvin from Alisha’s memories.


One of the heads transforms into a fiery lizard, like that of Sol’Ar’s recent appearance. It looks at Zinjaro with disappointment.
Zin casts Freedom of Movement to break free of a grapple.


The heads are attempting to grapple and drag people into the water.


Zinjaro gets dragged to the Nightmare Hydra and is devoured (Devour Hope ability). He is lost in the hydras form and will gain a stack of Absolute Terror at the start of each turn while devoured. Can make a WIS saving throw to escape.


The hydra keeps regenerating heads and when bloodied generates 3 extra. Thaddius has been dragged underwater and keeps getting attacked by a writhing mass of tentacles under the ship. He is also gaining stacks of Absolute Terror and so cannot move out of it.


2025-09-18


We continue the fight. Absolute Terror no longer stacks, which really helps out. Aolis is dragged to the water, which is bad, but Thadius resists the Absolute Terror.


Zinjaro uses the Shard of Solar to summon daylight. It breaks Aolis’s terror, shrinks the heads- breaking the grapple, and blinds them for one turn.


Alisha jumps into the water, a flash of light, she reaches Aolis, another flash of light, and sprouts wings! She’s an Aasimar. She brings Aolis to the boat, sheathes her sword, and holds up her hand and a halberd appears. She says she understands duality and is the Sky Dancer, like her father before her.


Maxim keeps casting Cone of Cold with Careful Spell to avoid hitting the party.
Thadius climbs out of the water and fires a Lightning Bolt that kills the boss!


Where the head was, there is now a black flame that seems to draw light in. It still burns.
Thadius captures the flame in a glass jar. It gets warm and it will eventually melt the glass.


The avatar of Sol’Ar appears and everyone can see him.
To prove himself, he makes Maxim incredibly drunk. He goes to the edge to throw up.


Ogra moves toward Alisha.
Another person shows up- a woman bathed in moonlight. She speaks in two voices, alternate sides of her face light up (left- scolding, right- soft/motherly). The duality of the Moon- Luna.
“We thought we saw a grown woman ready for revenge, but instead was a grieving child. We thought it was a mother we could wield.” (It seems Luna was wrong about how ready Alisha was, and is apologizing)
“Remember what we spoke of, time is short”
Lore: people thought Luna was a child god, but it actually is the full god- just that it’s a dual aspect.


The boat is split between the happy, partying side with Solar and the more somber side with Luna.


Solar (and Luna) vanishes, calling Zinjaro a Big Guy (despite him being only like 3 feet tall).


Alisha gives Ogra the Frost Iron Blade. She hugs him and Ogra lifts her up with his bear strength.


Alisha tells them she will leave us after we dock the ship. 
She thinks she may need to be Empress sooner than she expected.


Thadius sets up a clothesline to help dry people’s clothes.


We take a short rest and arrive at the underground docks. 
There’s some random folks there.
We get asked if we are here on business and Maxim says so. He notices Brambleberry and they sort of clock each other as roguish types.
He asks us in Thieves’ Cant and Brambleberry replies we’re looking for a person.
Some kind of interaction happened when he passed Brambleberry, but we don’t know what.


We exit but it feels like the snow and the land hates us.
She recommends we head to Anthrell- the western capital deeper into the demon lands. 
We may be able to use scrying.
She needs to stop her mother from selling the kingdom to demons!


Zinjaro prepares to Scry and looks west.
The sun shines into a 5-6 story tall building. He sees a man, in a stone slab in tattered noble clothes and a thin sheet. He is bruised and bloodied. He seems almost broken.
The room is barren, almost abandoned.
There is a broken city scape outside the window.
There is some deep red light behind the building- the snow clouds are a deeper red color.
This appears to be a mid-sized building- there are other taller buildings. None of them that we can remark on for landmarks. 
He is on the edge of life, but just barely. He is not chained.


Maxim sends the mayor a message to get in touch.
He doesn’t know where he is- they keep moving him, he doesn’t know why they want him.


Level up! We are now level 11.


2025-09-25


We set up camp and Zinjaro prepares for the night by setting up Hallow via Divine Intervention. 
Fiends (demons and devils) will not be able to enter. Also as an extra effect, humanoids and fey can’t be frightened. It’s a big 60ft radius area that lasts until dispelled.
We go to sleep in the big tent that Maxim bought.


In the second shift, Brambleberry hears a whisper and goes outside.
From the snowdrift, steps a beautiful looking woman. Bramble is immediately wary.
She says: “Mother said you would be uneasy”
Aolis also sees her. Bramble is wary
Her name is Tundra. She is an aspect. She freezes the snow in mid-air.
She has a gift from Brambleberry…
She reaches and pulls out a bag, which she offers to Bramble.


Brambleberry changes!
Brambleberry now has only two legs- she is an Uma (Umamusume) now!
Her horseshoes turn to boots (immune to difficult terrain), and her clothing adapts to her new form. But she has no pants.
“Mother may call on you in the future”
Aolis originally held her up, but she let go. Bramble is able to stand on her own and take a few steps.
Aolis goes to push her, but it’s so ineffective it’s like trying to push a boulder.
They ask about Mother and Aolis realizes it’s Mother Nature (god/goddess Natura, sort of pronounced “Natu-ra”)


Bramble goes to Maxim to see if she can get some pants.
The voice is Bramble’s and the clothes are similar, but she looks completely different. He’s startled, but Aolis assures him it’s Bramble.
Maxim searches through his bag for all his freshly pressed clothes to hand her a pair.
It doesn’t fit perfectly, but she uses some rope to tie it.
She has horse ears now and a horse tail.
Maxim asks if this is normal, but Bramble has never heard of it.
Umas are the chosen guardians of Natu’ra. There are only ever 3 or less Umas on the Material Plane at any time. They have free will, but if Natu’ra calls they are expected to answer.


Maxim and Aolis take the last shift. They hear some thumping and use a spyglass to see what seems to be a bird hitting the barrier of Hallow.
It keeps trying to enter, but Maxim leaves it alone.
The bird is corrupted with demonic energy, which is why it can’t enter the hallowed ground.


We all worry about the cart, but Bramble can actually still pull it. We agree to use actual horses in the city, but Bramble can still help out in the wilderness.
We also argue about Maxim’s commoner clothing, which he donates to Bramble.


We’re delayed because Bramble can’t get used to pulling the cart. She gives up and sits in the cart. We use Thaddius’s horse to pull the cart.
As we pass by the mountains, we see signs of dragon activity.
Maxim can’t determine how old, maybe a month old?
Could they be corrupted dragons like the birds in the night?


We reach a forest of leafless trees. They look evil and corrupted.
In the forest we find a lit campfire and some individuals.
It’s Team B! (Maggie and the group)


Reminder: get some mushrooms and have Thaddius process them. Zinjaro might want to have that ready for any True Seeing.
It appears the ruling may be that Changelings aren’t magic so wouldn’t be revealed by it- boo.


2025-10-02


We approach the campfire.
Taylor says there is another one- referring to Brambleberry
Maggie is “negotiating” whether or not they are allowed to be on the grounds. 
They found the person they were looking for and she is very mad.


We share in the meal- some roast, potatoes, some root.
Maxim tells of our adventure in the Godsway.
Maggie comes out after some shouting.


We ask about who they are talking to.
Maggie gives a look to Maxim, he catches it and asks her about the long story. She responds to ask when he was frozen.
A woman (157-Theta-Alpha) appears with a rifle to Maxim’s head
Maxim is compelled to answer with his cloning number: 9, infiltrator class. (All infiltrators are changelings, but not all grown are changelings)
An “Anwey”- the ancient civilizations. She’s a clone


Orbital Platform is destroyed. Horizon failed.
Now we have rampant AI.


We get invited inside the house since a blizzard is coming.


She is a clone/permutation of Elder Danyel
She was a scientist
She was grown on the Horizon station. She woke up because it failed.
Maxim and her chat about the AI
Maggie is also from the past. She was grown for organ replacement purposes.


Maxim admits he is not who he is.
He was a spy created by the Anwey.
There are only 5 alive. Was cryofrozen until machines let us free or they failed. He was supposed to report back to the Onway about the status.
He talks about the ancient past and how it had high technology.
Danyel has been unfrozen for 30-40 years.


Maxim admits he is a changeling and had to kill the original Maxim.
Maxim looks similar to the baseform so he changed to him and later on abandoned his mission. He grew accustomed to having a family and couldn’t contact the Anwey.
15 initial infiltrators, then on the last day had to kill each other to cull the weak. That’s how there are only 5 left.


Danyel fidgets under her bed and pulls out a small device.
It’s like a remote- a tuner. The tuner was supposed to help identify other agents and to interact with other artificial beings.
He uses it and it reveals 4- 3 agents and our Fabricator.


She says there is an AI in the city to the west. It’s unrelated to the demons. Maybe there is some kind of deal that was made between them.
The Net catches souls, maybe something has interfered and the demons may be gorging on souls.


The Net is a wall that separates us from the Planar (she doesn’t fully know the term). Zinjaro wonders if that is the wall Sol’Ar referred to.
She mentions that there is someone of interest in Tesselia, but none of us have been there.


Maxim turns into Ogra to demonstrate his changeling powers. He is bigger but not stronger.
We go to sleep. Maxim and Aolis go to a nearby barn instead. Maxim admits he doesn’t trust the rest of us. They talk a lot and Aolis convinces him he is Maxim and that we’ll stand with him. They return to the cabin where the others are asleep.


In the morning, B team and Danyel leave to go hunting. Aolis is the only one awake to notice this.
Maxim turns into Brambleberry and pretends to be one of the other Umas. They laugh about it.


We hear a knock on the door and go outside. 
It’s a demon! An incubus. He summons some creatures that descend on us. It’s a welcoming party should we continue west.
Two dragonflesh abominations and a dragonbone golem.
It’s fight time!


Several of us (Zin, Aolis, Maxim) are being turned to stone. Zinjaro banished all 3 but then got petrified so they came back.


2025-10-09


We finished the fight with 3 of us petrified. B team arrives to help us.
Taylor un-petrifies 2 of us, Zinjaro does the last.
She demands 200 gold for the diamond dust. Maggie reprimands her, but Maxim does pay her.


Aolis asks about demons chasing Danyel.
Danyel is looking for something, but can’t find it. 
A “soul cage”- something that can be used to take control of one
Maxim asks about it. She takes out a black, metallic box with arcane glyphs. Maxim grabs it and it is very heavy- 30-40 pounds.
There is a living soul in them.


Maxim tries to convince B team to join them, but they want to sleep in real beds.
Maxim and Maggie refers to us as fantasy land, but Ogra, Zin, and Aolis disagree. We have a side conversation about how those two are fantasy.


Lavelor hands Aolis a set of teleportation runes: home and “his” house
This is for Teleportation Circle.
B team leaves.


We continue on our way. Maxim and Zinjaro take a short rest.
We have a choice- mountain pass or small town ruins? We decided to go to the small town.


Maxim and Zinjaro have a brief chat about the Net. It’s not quite the same concept as the Wall that SolAr hand mentioned, but maybe related? It may be related to capturing souls for power (electricity).


We arrive at the town. Perfectly normal houses, but seems empty.
We investigate the town. It’s as if people just vanished.
There is food that seems OK, but we are suspicious.


Zinjaro casts See Invisibility but sees nothing. Maxim can’t find illusions. Brambleberry eats a roll- it’s fine.
Several us walk into a “high end home” (a blank room with that written in the floor)


Maxim goes around using spells to break down doors and explore. He is in a tavern and rummages around for 3 hours. He does find a small lockbox.
The rest of the team goes elsewhere.


Aolis explores on their own and sees something out of the corner of their eyes. Something feminine with long hair…


Zinjaro through the See Invisibility sees a floating woman, partially transparent, and frigid.
Zinjaro uses Turn Undead making her briefly visible to everyone. The ghost goes through the wall. The rest of the team goes there to try to talk to her while Zinjaro stands back.
Aolis takes a whip and lightly hits her to break her off the Turn Undead effect. The ghost takes a whip from a table and does the same thing to Aolis. The ghost doesn’t speak, just giggles.
When asked how long ago, she puts up two hands and then 2 more hands appear to indicate how long.
She nods when asked if there are more like her.
Three more ghosts appear (Thadius had seen them outside). 
They all look somewhat young, none older than 28. The first ghost is maybe 10.


The first ghosts seemingly asks to take possession of Aolis.
He elects to fail to allow the possession.
She is now able to communicate via Aolis.
It got very cold. All the adults went away. 
Something about an army and a portal. Then the monsters came.
The monsters haven’t been back recently.


They don’t seem to know what food is. They say the building is empty. Apparently they don’t see the same way while dead.
Aolis shunts the ghost out of themselves and feels freezing now.
The ghost goes to the paint shop.


Maxim returns to the group and Bramble opens the lockbox.
A pouch. A brass ring- a child’s sized ring. 
Two pieces of paper- ledges. 
They say something about the paint shop and how they should fulfill the requests regardless of how odd it may sound.


Aolis investigates the table the ghost is hovering next to. 
It’s a trapdoor with a ladder that extends all the way down.
We head down into what looks like a crypt with the ghost.


2025-10-16


We find ourselves in a small room with some canvases.
One depicts bodies in snow, another depicts a blurry person holding a brush standing in a blizzard.
Another is a woman carrying a bundle under moonlight. Another is half empty, the rest depicts a building/wall crumbling. The last canvas is 3 individuals holding hands and walking away.
Another painting is a nature portrait of the tundra.


Maxim rifles through some paintings. He finds a portrait of a young girl, wearing a crown of rose-like flowers. The ghost girl with us starts nodding. He also finds a latch under the shelf. He presses it and the section of shelf shifts slightly. It’s a pathway!


We go through and find a room with a piano, a desk, and some maps.
The desk has a half drafted letter. It’s in a language most of us don’t recognize.
“For Matilda… time was short… as you move west.”
Hard to tell how old it is.


There are some old maps, but we don’t recognize where they are.
Zinjaro recommends Ogra break the glass to get the maps. The air that comes out is stale.


Zinjaro reaches in to grab the maps. They are extremely delicate.
The map denotes a single continent, but not one Zinjaro recognizes.
Maxim remembers it- the Western-most continent, he doesn’t remember the name, but it looks smaller.


We ask Thadius to take a picture of the maps with his image-making device.


There are a few bars of music and Ogra tries, but can’t make it.
Maxim goes in to try and nails the performance check. We hear a rumbling somewhere.


Aolis checks the scrolls and just passes through the shelves.
We split up: Aolis, Bramble, and Thadius go through the wall.
Maxim, Zin, Ogra go look for the signs of the rumble.
It appears we may have reached the same point- baddies!


Our group is split up, but we are fighting them anyway.
Banshee wails drop Bramble and Ogra down to zero.
We kill the baddies, though some vampire spawns flee.
Zinjaro heals Ogra and Brambleberry.


Maxim goes on his own and sees a room with some glowing lights.
There are some coffins with chains, they seem solid like there is something in it. The rest of us join him as Maxim starts setting the coffins on fire.
The chains shatter. More enemies appear!


2025-10-23


It’s fight time with the vampire spawns and will-o’-wisps
Daylight is effective- they take 20 damage each turn. Combined with Turn Undead and a careful Fireball we make short work of them.


We’re all pretty badly hurt, but we continue exploring a bit. Maxim wants to know where the original vampires may have gone.


Aolis goes back to investigate some cairns.
He pushes some stones and finds a naked adult body. Well-preserved, there is no decomposition. 
Two are girls in sleeping gowns. Those two still have some color, but are still dead.


The ghost with us goes to the grave of a woman. She points to her stomach.
Ogra and Zinjaro investigate the corpses.
No immediate causes of death. They are in rigor, muscles are tight, but no decay- something is keeping them fresh.
Ogra notices each corpse has 2 pinprick holes in the back of the skull.


Vampirism requires ingesting vampire blood, not being bitten.
There might be other ways- church is researching.
Basic vampire knowledge.


The bites look very small, maybe a young vampire?
The dead girls have bites but in the left/right collarbones instead of the back of the skull. Those are also a bit larger.


Zinjaro uses Speak with Dead via Divine Intervention
How did you die? Ambushed..
Who ambushed you? Couldn’t see.. Dark.. wet..
Did others die with you at the same time? Didn’t see anyone…
Were you a villager? Yes, ran paint store with wife and daughter
Did you know about the weird paintings underneath the house? …Weird? My daughter was the artist…
The spell fades.


Some backstory: Ogra had fought infernals to defend his tree


We go get some rest in the room back by the piano.


2025-10-30


We continue exploring the dungeon.
We find a locked chest and Bramble unlocks it.
There’s a dusty trap but Aolis and Bramble avoid it.
There is a magic seal- Arcane Lock.
There are 3 books.
There is a compartment in the back that has a small pouch.


Fancy cloak with clasp for a gem
A bag of flesh of some kind
All books are without title, hand-bound
Super huge tome- blank pages then eventually some scant writing forming some sort of glyph. Maxim remembers a class about codexes- teaching non-spellcasters magic, but doesn’t remember much from it. Aolis confirms it is, but can’t tell what spell it is for.
Medium book- has writing, novelization of old legend: snowy town, evil presence comes, someone says maybe not evil, falls in love with evil, both burned at the stake
Final book- wizard spellbook, they can’t read it


Maxim pulls out the tuner and sees 3 signals: Maxim, Portafab (Ogra), something else…
Under the bed there is a wooden box- that’s one of the tuner signals
It’s a standard issue lock from ancient times


While Maxim is unlocking, Zinjaro investigates the flesh- it’s several different people. There are no on-the-books necromancy that require this.
Aolis puts on the fancy cloak- a cloak of billowing!
Thadius finishes some infusions, including making a homunculus servant (Zipsy)


In the box: unpowered data tablet, bottle of pills. 
Bottle label: sulfucides
Opening the bottle smells like brimstone
Ogra takes a pill to find out what they do. He spits it back out- it’s like drinking fire. Maybe activated by liquid? As the pill hits the ground it starts dissolving the floor.


We make our way downstairs through some double doors.
We found a boat and some brackish water.
We found some people in a large room. They look… viscous, undead....
Lord Marcus Nevara, sitting on a throne.
He asks why we are invading his home.
He stopped caring about the village a millenia ago. Demons haven’t bothered him or his children.
He was present when the sky fell- is aware of the ancient technology


We get handed red wine even though we are all hesitant.
“Hazle (daughter) come here”; she hisses something and casts a spell, resisting a counter spell. It’s Silence!


Time for combat!
Bramble gets to interrupt the daughter so Silence is gone.
Ogra gets focused hard and Zinjaro gets grappled.


Lair action is up next
2025-11-06


Lair action extinguishes all light. Zinjaro does cast Light to bring more visibility. Maxim’s Cone of Cold is very effective at damaging all of them.
Marcus goes into a rage after we take out one of his kids.


When we kill Marcus the other child starts crying and we can end the fight easily.
He has a bit of gold and a spell reagent bag.
We investigate the room.


Ogra uses the scanner, but it doesn’t work:
Homemade device detected
Maxim hasn’t seen these things before either.
Some are dormant, others are glowing.


Maxim sits down to investigate things over time
We find a locked drawer that Bramble opens
Inside is a small book- a hand journal
Most of it is unreadable
Refers to a woman with some odd metal and glass parts. He loved her. 
She is building something. Something about watching the sky rise.
Ron- his brother.
Matilda


Copy of the notes:
March 1 1718
  She left today. her strange magic formed the first tunnels while I stayed lookout. we met togeather in passion when the sun rises on our night of labor. i was unsure of what use I would be to her, but she seems as drawn to me as i am to her. the strange bits of metal and glass attatched to her arm seem to aid in her magic. she got upset when i asked her about it. when she slept in the day i looked it over, the glass lights up like a torch when i touch it but the writing on it is unknown to me. she will awaken soon, she mustent know i looked.
March 14 1718
      She returned today. several men returned with her working a cart and beast of burden. the cart was pilled high with bits of scrap and strange wires. The brin of her hat casting her face in shadow, but i knew it was her. she could not look at me or risk our love. we met under the paint shop run by my brother Ron. that is where we built the first chamber. a place for her to sleep when the days grow to weiry for her. shes building somthing with the scrap she found. its importent for us to be together, she explaned to me one night. once she finishes the chambers we will live long enough to watch the sky rise again. when her father finishes his work and those who stood with them will rise to the stars.
May 15 1719
     Its been a little over a year sence i have seen her. i have asked around, looked myself even prayed to her father in the stars for her to retuen to me. but nothing seems to help i have continued to follow her instructions, every day i sleep in the sarcophagus she has made for us. i didnt know what they where for... untill Ron attacked me. his brat of a daughter found our hideaway, i couldent let her touch our things! SHE WOULD RUIN THEM! i had to do it... she couldent tell anyone. i wouldent let her.  
   Ron attacked me while i was writing a letter. hit me over the head with some sort of mace, the only thing i heard was a slight crunch. then i woke up in one of the sarcophagus, it light dimmed after i awoke. i beleve it brought me back to life, but i'm not fully sure. i will have to deal with Ron soon, i hope Mary will understand. matilda dill always like her...


We take a long rest while Maxim deciphers the sarcophagus.
We smell rotting food as the food on the table quickly rots.


These are tech analogues for the spell Clone.
If the person dies in the same plane, they can revive in the clone after 48 hours.
Some of them are off, but others are on and ready for use. 
No bodies in them, someone would have to sleep in over a month to prime them.
Zinjaro doesn’t want to use the cloning devices, but Maxim is very eager to have backups in case he dies. We plan to at some point make a magic circle for teleportation here.


Aolis feels they can use the wizard book as a translation for the journal for more information. It will take a lot more time.


Maxim moves to clean up the bodies and rotten food, but first:
Zinjaro tries an old wine and it's very good. He salvages 3 bottles.


We go up to the town.
We find the ghost girl longingly touching a painting.
The paint is now faded, as if years have passed. 
Masculine figure, walking away, holding hands with a woman and a young girl.
Aolis feels it represents finality at the end of a tragedy.
The ghost girl is frozen but her hand is resting on the little girl in the painting.
The ghost girl slowly fades away… and so is the girl in the painting.
The painting changes to night and the two adults walking slumped, as if returning from a gravesite.


We go to the bakery and the shelves are all barren- everything has been taken or has rotted away a long time ago.


2025-11-13


We head out of the village towards the city. 
We camp at night, planning to reach the city the next day.


Ogra sees a group of demonic people in the night. They notice us, but just continue walking by. Thadius is also keeping watch. They decide to let them go without intervening.
Aolis and Maxim take the second shift. Aolis hears the sees two large wagons being pulled by nothing. Two individuals in the front of the cart. They also seem disinterested in our group- they are going in the same direction as the prior group. This is towards the city. 
He uses Maxim’s spyglass to get a closer look at the two people. One is a succubus. The other is masculine with ram horns, seems very bored. Aolis debates sneaking up to the wagons.
The full group gets woken up.


We decide to use Thadius’s homunculus to have them on the cart and have it communicate what’s going on. Bramble sneaks up to the cart to take the homunculus there. The big guy did spot them, but didn't do anything about it.


The next day the homunculus reports they have been stopped for a while. The two are in a building chatting. The wagon has carts of food and some metals.


Maxim turns into an Incubus to blend in.
Maxim tries a Sending but it fails- it’s as if something intercepted it and blocked it. We decide against a Scrying suspecting it will also fail.
We go up to the city and reach its ruins at midday.


There doesn’t appear to be people but there is a big hole in the wall.


We cross over
Brambleberry, Maxim, Zinjaro notice the change: a wave of magic, but it’s more like the tech-magic of Maxim’s training.
We are now in what looks like a modern-day city. A pit fiend with skinny jeans is just trimming some trees. There is a road system with some demons that are half-scorpions. It’s also warm- like 73 degrees.


We see a cafe-like place. There are humans serving folks. They have aprons but their clothing is weird. This is Wendy’s Coffee, functionally a Starbucks. A bored employee takes our order.
Zinjaro looks around- no one seems to care who we are or what we’re doing. They can take new and old currency. It’s 14 gold for a couple of drinks and sweets. 


Maxim says this is his time but with demons instead of people. He tells us about automobiles.
While eating, Zinjaro casts Scrying. He sees the ruined city from above. He notices a magical dome that has stopped his spell. Reminds him of transmutation mixed with illusion.
It’s like he locked onto the Mayor but something has grabbed his vision and moved it out. 
Maxim recalls experiments of holoprojectors in his time. Those were small though, not like the entire city- that would take way more energy.
Doesn’t explain the demons.


2025-11-20










________________




Extra Notes


Scroll Costs: 100g/level to buy. 50g/level to scribe a spell
2 hours/level to scribe.


Notable Cleric spells needing material components:
* Ceremony: 25gp powdered silver, consumed
* Protection from Evil and Good: 25+gp holy water, consumed
* Warding Bond: 2 50+gp platinum rings, to be worn
* Clairvoyance: a focus worth 100+ GP, either a jeweled horn for hearing or a glass eye for seeing
* Magic Circle: salt and powdered silver worth 100+ GP, consumed
* Revivify: 300+gp diamond, consumed
* Divination: 25+gp incense, consumed
* Dawn: a sunburst pendant worth at least 100 gp
* Greater Restoration: 100+gp diamond dust, consumed
* Raise Dead: 500+gp diamond, consumed
* Scrying: a focus worth 1,000+ GP, such as a crystal ball, mirror, or water-filled font
* Summon Celestial: a reliquary worth 500+ GP


Notable Items/Gear:
* Cloak of Protection, uncommon, attunement (+1 AC and saving throws)
* Helm of Comprehending Languages, uncommon (cast Comprehend Languages at will)
* Mithral scale armor, uncommon (disables disadvantage to stealth)
* Ring of Water Walking, uncommon (cast Water Walk at will, self-only)
* Amulet of the Devout, uncommon is +1, attunement (+1 spell attack, +1 spell DC, 1 free channel divinity/day)


Level Up Notes/Ideas
Cleric Notes:
None
Wizard Notes:


Alchemy Supplies and You:
60g for experimenting (10g base + 50 for random)


Alchemy Recipes Known:
Potion of Basic Healing (30g)
Minor Potion of Water Breathing (75g)


Level 10: Subclass features: Song of Defense. Spells: Wall of Force, Scorching Ray or Sending? Swap out 1 druid cantrip for Shillelagh?
Level 11: 6th level spells




Other spell considerations:
2: Shatter, Misty Step, Scorching Ray, Warding Wind
3: Thunder Step, Hypnotic Pattern, Sending
4: Blight, Greater Invisibility, Raulothim's Psychic Lance, Otiluke's Resilient Sphere
5: Enervation, Geas, Scrying (requires 1000gp focus), Wall of Force, Bigby’s Hand
6: Tenser’s Transformation (maybe not), Chain Lightning, Disintegrate, Mental Prison, Contingency (requires 1500gp statuette)


Trying to focus on wind/lightning magic, self-buffs, mobility


Mordenkainen’s Magnificent Mansion (7th level)


Contingency Options:
When an attack hits me, cast Mirror Image
When below some health threshold, cast Otiluke’s Resilient Sphere